
186,282 miles per second: it isn't just a good idea, it's the law!
a baby is god's opinion that the world should go on - carl sandburg
a bachelor is a man who never made the same mistake once
abandon all hope, ye who enter here! - dante alighieri
a beautiful woman is a picture which drives all beholders nobly mad - emerson
a bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush - cervantes
a bird in the hand makes it awfully hard to blow your nose
about all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to harvard
about the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog
a boy gets to be a man when a man is needed - john steinbeck
abraham lincoln didn't die in vain. he died in washington, dc.
absence makes the heart grow fonder - of somebody else
absence makes the heart grow fonder - sextus aurelius
a career is great, but you can't run your fingers through its hair
a car is just a big purse on wheels - johanna reynolds
accept people for what they are - completely unacceptable
according to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never dies
a celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness
a chain is only as strong as its weakest link
a chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs
a child of five could understand this! fetch me a child of five.
a clash of doctrine is not a disaster - it is an opportunity
a clever prophet makes sure of the event first
a compliment is something like a kiss through a veil - victor hugo
a computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken
a conclusion is simply the place where someone got tired of thinking
a conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking
a cons is an object which cares - bernie greenberg.
a countenance more in sorrow than in anger
a countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats - ben franklin
acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing
actors will happen even in the best-regulated families
actually, my goal is to have a sandwich named after me
a day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice
a day without sunshine is like a day without orange juice
a dead man cannot bite - gnaeus pompeius
a difficulty for every solution - motto of the federal civil service
a diplomat is a man who can convince his wife she'd look stout in a fur coat
a dirty mind is a joy forever - randy kunkee
a door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of - ogden nash
advice from an old carpenter: measure twice, saw once
a fail-safe circuit will destroy others - klipstein
a failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection
a fair exterior is a silent recommendation - publilius syrus
a farmer is a man outstanding in his field
a figure with curves always offers a lot of interesting angles
a fool must now and then be right by chance
a fox is a wolf who sends flowers - ruth weston
a free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular - adlai stevenson
a friend is a present you give yourself - robert louis stevenson
after a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn
after the game the king and the pawn go in the same box - italian proverb
age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill
age before beauty; and pearls before swine - dorothy parker
age cannot wither her, nor custom stale her infinite variety
a gentleman never strikes a lady with his hat on - fred allen
a girl's best friend is her mutter - dorothy parker
a girl with a future avoids the man with a past - evan esar
agnes' law: almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of
a good man always knows his limitations - harry callahan
a good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow - patton
a good reputation is more valuable than money - publilius syrus
agree with them now, it will save so much time
a hacker does for love what others would not do for money
a hammer sometimes misses its mark - a bouquet, never
a handful of friends is worth more than a wagon of gold
a handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains
a hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity
a homeowner's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a weekend for?
a horse! a horse! my kingdom for a horse! - william shakespeare
a house divided against itself cannot stand
a hundred thousand lemmings can't be wrong!
aim for the moon. if you miss, you may hit a star. - w. clement stone
ain't no right way to do a wrong thing - the mad dogtender
air pollution is really making us pay through the nose
a journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance
a journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step - lao tsu
a journey of a thousand miles starts under one's feet - lao tsu
a lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction
alcoholics anonymous is when you get to drink under someone else's name
a lifetime isn't nearly long enough to figure out what it's all about
alimony is like buying oats for a dead horse - arthur baer
alimony is the curse of the writing classes - norman mailer
a list is only as strong as its weakest link - don knuth
a little experience often upsets a lot of theory
a little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation - c. e. ayres
a little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation - h. h. munro
all a man needs out of life is a place to sit 'n' spit in the fire
all articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous
all art is but imitation of nature - lucius annaeus seneca
all bibles are man-made - thomas edison
all diplomacy is a continuation of war by other means - chou en lai
allen's axiom: when all else fails, read the instructions
all extremists should be taken out and shot
all generalisations are dangerous, including this one
all generalizations are false, including this one - mark twain
all great discoveries are made by mistake - young
all great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time
all heiresses are beautiful - john dryden
all i ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance
all is well that ends well - john heywood
all i want is a little more than i'll ever get
all i want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power - ashleigh brilliant
all i want is more than my fair share
all kings is mostly rapscallions - mark twain
all laws are simulations of reality - john c. lilly
all most people want is a little more than they'll ever get
all my friends and i are crazy. that's the only thing that keeps us sane.
all phone calls are obscene - karen elizabeth gordon
all power corrupts, but we need electricity
all programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors
all science is either physics or stamp collecting - ernest rutherford
all syllogisms have three parts, therefore this is not a syllogism
all that glitters has a high refractive index
all that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost
all the men on my staff can type - bella abzug
all things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door
all things being equal, you are bound to lose
all truths are true to an extend, including this one
all your files have been destroyed (sorry). paul.
a log may float in a river, but that does not make it a crocodile
a long memory is the most subversive idea in america
a lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never
although the moon is smaller than the earth, it is farther away
always be sincere, even when you don't mean it - irene peter
always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back
always draw your curves, then plot your reading
always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out
always remember that you are unique. just like everyone else.
always store beer in a dark place - lazarus long
a man is not complete until he is married - then he is finished
a man paints with his brains and not with his hands
a man's gotta know his limitations - clint eastwood, dirty harry
a man's house is his castle - sir edward coke
a man who keeps stealing mopeds is an obvious cycle-path
a man who turns green has eschewed protein
a man with 3 wings and a dictionary is cousin to the turkey
a man without a woman is like a statue without pigeons
a man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package
a mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems - p. erdos
ambiguity: telling the truth when you don't mean to
america, how can i write a holy litany in your silly mood? - allen ginsberg
american by birth; texan by the grace of god
americans are people who insist on living in the present, tense
am i ranting? i hope so. my ranting gets raves.
amnesia used to be my favorite word, but then i forgot it
an adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms
an algorithm must be seen to be believed - donald knuth
an american is a man with two arms and four wheels - a chinese child
an apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away
a narcissist is someone better looking than you are - gore vidal
an artist should be fit for the best society and keep out of it
a nasty looking dwarf throws a knife at you
an atom-blaster is a good weapon, but it can point both ways - isaac asimov
... and furthermore ... i don't like your trousers
and remember: evil will always prevail, because good is dumb - spaceballs
and that's the way it is... - walter cronkite
an effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible
an elephant is a mouse with an operating system
a nickel ain't worth a dime anymore - yogi berra
an idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it
an idealist is one who helps the other fellow to make a profit - henry ford
an intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself - albert camus
an irishman is never at peace except when he's fighting
an optimist is a guy that has never had much experience - don marquis
another such victory over the romans, and we are undone - pyrrhus
an ounce of clear truth is worth a pound of obfuscation
an ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition - michael korda
an ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest - spanish proverb
an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of purge
anthony's law of force: don't force it; get a larger hammer
anti-trust laws should be approached with exactly that attitude
antonym: the opposite of the word you're trying to think of
anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry
anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire
anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat - r. heinlein
anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot - groucho marx
any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental
any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo
anything anybody can say about america is true - emmett grogan
anything is good if it's made of chocolate
anything is possible on paper - ron mcafee
anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate
any woman is a volume if one knows how to read her
apathy club meeting this friday. if you want to come, you're not invited.
apathy is not the problem, it's the solution
a pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants
a penny saved is a penny to squander - ambrose bierce
a penny saved kills your career in government
a person forgives only when they are in the wrong
a person is just about as big as the things that make them angry
a physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms - george wald
a place for everything and everything in its place
a poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits
a possum must be himself, and being himself he is honest - walt kelly
a pound of salt will not sweeten a single cup of tea
appendix: a portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use
a prediction is worth twenty explanations - k. brecher
a pretty woman can do anything; an ugly woman must do everything
a professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep
a radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives
aren't you glad you're not getting all the government you pay for now?
armadillo: to provide weapons to a spanish pickle
armor's axiom: virtue is the failure to achieve vice
a rolling stone gathers no moss - publilius syrus
a rose by any other name would smell as sweet
art is a jealous mistress - ralph waldo emerson
art is a lie which makes us realize the truth - picasso
art is anything you can get away with - marshall mcluhan.
art is either plagiarism or revolution - paul gauguin
art is nature speeded up and god slowed down - chazal
art is the tree of life. science is the tree of death.
as a computer, i find your faith in technology amusing
a sadist is a masochist who follows the golden rule
as a goatherd learns his trade by goat, so a writer learns his trade by wrote
a shortcut is the longest distance between two points
a sinking ship gathers no moss - donald kaul
ask a silly question and you'll get a silly answer
ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so - john stuart mill
as long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
a small town that cannot support one lawyer can always support two
a squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny
assume a virtue, if you have it not - william shakespeare
a straw vote only shows which way the hot air blows - o'henry
as will rogers would have said, there is no such things as a free variable
as zeus said to narcissus, watch yourself
a tautology is a thing which is tautological
atlanta: an entire city surrounded by an airport
atomic batteries to power, turbines to speed - robin, the boy wonder
a triangle which has an angle of 135 degrees is called an obscene triangle
audacity, and again, audacity, and always audacity - g. j. danton
a university faculty is 500 egotists with a common parking problem
a violent man will die a violent death - lao tsu
avoid cliches like the plague. they're a dime a dozen.
avoid strange women and temporary variables
a waist is a terrible thing to mind - ziggy
a woman shouldn't have to buy her own perfume - maurine lewis
a woman's place is in the house ... and in the senate
a woman was in love with fourteen soldiers. it was clearly platoonic.
a woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle - gloria steinem
a word to the wise is enough - miguel de cervantes
a yawn is a silent shout - g. k. chesterton
babe ruth made a big mistake when he gave up pitching - tris speaker
bachelor: a guy who is footloose and fiancee-free
bachelor: a man who chases women and never mrs. one
bachelors' wives and old maids' children are always perfect - nicolas chamfort
backups: always in season, never out of style
bacon's not the only thing that's cured by hanging from a string
banectomy: the removal of bruises on a banana - rich hall
ban the bomb. save the world for conventional warfare.
barker's proof: proofreading is more effective after publication
base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers - tom lehrer
be alert!!!! the world needs more lerts...
be aloof! there has been a recent population explosion of lerts
beam me up, scotty, there's no intelligent life down here!
beauty, brains, availability, personality; pick any two
beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone - redd foxx
beauty seldom recommends one woman to another
beauty: what's in your eye when you have a bee in your hand
be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds - homer
be braver - you can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.
be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom
be careful when you bite into your hamburger - derek bok
been through hell? whaddya bring back for me? - a. brilliant
beer - it's not just for breakfast anymore
before i knew the best part of my life had come, it had gone
before xerox, five carbons were the maximum extension of anybody's ego
beggars should be no choosers - john heywood
behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek
behind every great man there's a great woman
behold the warranty - the bold print giveth and the fine print taketh away
be incomprehensible. if they can't understand, they can't disagree.
be independent. insult a rich relative today.
being a mime means never having to say you're sorry
being popular is important. otherwise people might not like you
being schizophrenic is better than living alone
be not anxious about what you have, but about what you are - pope st. gregory I
benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence - time bandits
ben, why didn't you tell me? - luke skywalker
be open to other people - they may enrich your dream
be prepared to accept sacrifices. vestal virgins aren't all that bad.
be self-reliant and your success is assured
better hope you get what you want before you stop wanting it
better living a beggar than buried an emperor
better to be nouveau than never to have been riche at all
better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all
better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment
better tried by twelve than carried by six - jeff cooper
between grand theft and a legal fee, there only stands a law degree
between infinite and short there is a big difference - g. h. gonnet
beware of friends who are false and deceitful
beware! people acting under the influence of human nature
bigamy is having one spouse too many. monogamy is the same.
birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues
birthdays are like busses, never the number you want
blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies - david nichols
bloom's seventh law of litigation: the judge's jokes are always funny
boling's postulate: if you're feeling good, don't worry. you'll get over it.
booker's law: an ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction
booze is the answer. i don't remember the question.
bounders get bound when they are caught bounding - ralph lewin
bower's law: talent goes where the action is
bowie's theorem: if an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment
boy, life takes a long time to live - steven wright
boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men - kin hubbard
brain damage is all in your head - karl lehenbauer
brandy-and-water spoils two good things - charles lamb
breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science - randy goebel
breaking seal constitutes acceptance of agreement
breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience
broad-mindedness, n: the result of flattening high-mindedness out
brokee, n: someone who buys stocks on the advice of a broker
brook's law: adding manpower to a late software project makes it later
buck-passing usually turns out to be a boomerang
bucy's law: nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man
build a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it
building translators is good clean fun - t. cheatham
bunker's admonition: you cannot buy beer; you can only rent it
bureaucracy: a method for transforming energy into solid waste
bureaucrat: a person who cuts red tape sideways - j. mccabe
bureaucrat: a politician who has tenure
but captain - the engines can't take this much longer!
but like the good book says... there's bigger deals to come!
but, officer, he's not drunk, i just saw his fingers twitch!
but officer, i stopped for the last one, and it was green!
but this one goes to eleven - nigel tufnel
but you shall not escape my iambics - gaius valerius catullus
buy land. they've stopped making it. - mark twain
buzzword: the fly in the ointment of computer literacy
by failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail
by perseverance the snail reached the ark - charles spurgeon
cahn's axiom: when all else fails, read the instructions
call on god, but row away from the rocks - indian proverb
campbell's law: nature abhors a vacuous experimenter
carson's observation on footwear: if the shoe fits, buy the other one too
catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world - the beach boys
catproof is an oxymoron, childproof nearly so
cats, no less liquid than their shadows, offer no angles to the wind
chain is only as strong as its weakest link
chaos is king and magic is loose in the world
character density: the number of very weird people in the office
character is what you are in the dark! - lord john whorfin
charity: a thing that begins at home and usually stays there
charity begins at home - publius terentius afer
cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap
chemicals: noxious substances from which modern foods are made
chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react
chemist who falls in acid is absorbed in work
chemist who falls in acid will be tripping for weeks
cheops' law: nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget
chicago law prohibits eating in a place that is on fire
chinese saying: he who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks
circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances - herodotus
clay's conclusion: creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster
cloning is the sincerest form of flattery
cobol: an exercise in artificial inelegance
cobol: completely over and beyond reason or logic
cogito ergo i'm right and you're wrong - blair houghton
coincidences are spiritual puns - g. k. chesterton
cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey
colvard's logical premises: all probabilities are 50
common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius - josh billings
complex system: one with real problems and imaginary profits
computer guru: a computer owner who can read the manual
computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing
computers are not intelligent. they only think they are.
computers don't actually think. you just think they think. (we think.)
conceit causes more conversation than wit - larouchefoucauld
confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career
confirmed bachelor: a man who goes through life without a hitch
conformity is the refuge of the unimaginative
confucius say too much - recent chinese proverb
conquering russia should be done steppe by steppe
conscience doth make cowards of us all - shakespeare
conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends - h. l. mencken
conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good
consultant: an ordinary man a long way from home
consultation: medical term meaning to share the wealth
contains a substantial amount of non-tobacco ingredients
contains no artificial colors or ingredients
contestants have been briefed on some questions before the show
correction does much, but encouragement does more - goethe
corry's law: paper is always strongest at the perforations
courage is fear that has said its prayers
court: a place where they dispense with justice - arthur train
creativity is no substitute for knowing what you are doing
creditor: a man who has a better memory than a debtor
crime does not pay ... as well as politics - alfred e. newman
criticism comes easier than craftsmanship - zeuxis
culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why
cum tacent, clamant. when they are silent, they shout -cicero
cure the disease and kill the patient - francis bacon
curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back
darth vader! only you would be so bold! - princess leia organa
data: an accrual of straws on the backs of theories
deadwood: anyone in your company who is more senior than you are
death before dishonor. but neither before breakfast.
death is god's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy
death is life's way of telling you you've been fired - r. geis
death is nature's way of recycling human beings
death is nature's way of telling you to slow down
death rays don't kill people, people kill people!!
dec diagnostics would run on a dead whale - mel ferentz
delay is preferable to error - thomas jefferson
denver: a smallish city located just below the 'o' in colorado
department chairmen never die, they just lose their faculties
depart not from the path which fate has assigned you
deprive a mirror of its silver and even the czar won't see his face
design: what you regret not doing later on
dibble's first law of sociology: some do, some don't
did you hear about the model who sat on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?
digital circuits are made from analog parts - don vonada
dignity is like a flag. it flaps in a storm. - roy mengot
dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off
dinosaurs aren't extinct. they've just learned to hide in the trees.
diplomacy is the art of saying nice doggy until you can find a rock
disbar: as distinguished from some other bar
disclose classified information only when a need to know exists
disco is to music what etch-a-sketch is to art
disease can be cured; fate is incurable - chinese proverb
dishonor will not trouble me, once i am dead - euripides
disobedience: the silver lining to the cloud of servitude - ambrose bierce
distinctive: a different color or shape than our competitors
divorce is a game played by lawyers - cary grant
do miami a favor. when you leave, take someone with you.
do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more
do not believe in miracles - rely on them
do not count your chickens before they are hatched - aesop
do not drink coffee in early a.m. it will keep you awake until noon
do not handicap your children by making their lives easy - robert heinlein
do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger
do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive
do not think by infection, catching an opinion like a cold
do not underestimate the power of the force
do not use or store near heat or open flame
don't be humble ... you're not that great - golda meir
don't believe everything you hear or anything you say
don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted
don't change the reason, just change the excuses! - joe cointment
don't confuse things that need action with those that take care of themselves
don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner
don't drink when you drive - you might hit a bump and spill it
don't drop acid, take it pass-fail! - bryan michael wendt
don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back
don't everyone thank me at once! - han solo
don't force it, get a larger hammer
don't go to bed with no price on your head - baretta
don't guess - check your security regulations
don't hit a man when he's down - kick him. it's easier.
don't interfere with the stranger's style
don't kid yourself. little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever
don't know what time i'll be back, mom. probably soon after she throws me out.
don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance
don't let your mind wander - it's too little to be let out alone
don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper - scottish proverb
don't mind him; politicians always sound like that
don't quit now, we might just as well lock the door and throw away the key
don't remember what you can infer - harry tennant
don't say yes until i finish talking - darryl f. zanuck
don't shoot until you're sure you both aren't on the same side
don't speak about time, until you have spoken to him
don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding
don't suspect your friends - turn them in! - brazil
don't sweat it - it's only ones and zeros - p. skelly
don't take life seriously, you'll never get out alive
don't tell me what you dreamed last night for i've been reading freud
don't think; let the machine do it for you! - e. c. berkeley
don't try to have the last word - you might get it - lazarus long
don't worry - the brontosaurus is slow, stupid, and placid
do people know you have freckles everywhere?
doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd - voltaire
do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law - aleister crowley
do you guys know what you're doing, or are you just hacking?
do your part to help preserve life on earth - by trying to preserve your own
do you smell something burning or is it me? - joan of arc
do you think that illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
drawing on my fine command of language, i said nothing
dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations
drinking is not a spectator sport - jim brosnan
drop the vase and it will become a ming of the past - the adventurer
drug: a substance that, injected into a rat, produces a scientific paper
duty: what one expects from others - oscar wilde
dyslexia means never having to say that you're ysror
each man is his own prisoner, in solitary confinement for life
each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs - kernighan
earth destroyed by solar flare - film clips at eleven
earth is a great, big funhouse without the fun - jeff berner
east is east... and let's keep it that way.
eat as much as you like - just don't swallow it - harry secombe's diet
eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal
eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow we diet
eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work
eat drink and be merry! tommorrow you may be in utah.
eating chocolate is like being in love without the aggravation
ed sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent - fred allen
eeny, meeny, jelly beanie, the spirits are about to speak! - bullwinkle moose
eggheads unite! you have nothing to lose but your yolks. - adlai stevenson
either i'm dead or my watch has stopped - groucho marx's last words
electrocution: burning at the stake with all the modern improvements
elegance and truth are inversely related - becker's razor
elephant: a mouse built to government specifications
employees and their families are not eligible
employees must wash hands before returning to work
encyclopedia for sale by father. son knows everything.
engineering without management is art - jeff johnson
enhance: to tamper with an image, usually to its detriment
enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in may
entropy requires no maintenance - markoff chaney
even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns
even god lends a hand to honest boldness - menander
even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me - aristophanes
even moderation ought not to be practiced to excess
even the statue of liberty shaves her pits
events are not affected, they develop - sri aurobindo
ever feel like life was a game and you had the wrong instruction book?
ever wonder if taxation without representation might have been cheaper?
every absurdity has a champion who will defend it
everybody has something to conceal - humphrey bogart
everybody is somebody else's weirdo - dykstra
everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die
every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable urge to punt - snoopy
every day it's the same thing - variety. i want something different.
every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own - don vonada
everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgement
everyone is more or less mad on one point - rudyard kipling
everyone's head is a cheap movie show - jeff g. bone
everyone's in a high place when you're on your knees
everyone was born right-handed. only the greatest overcome it.
every silver lining has a cloud around it
everything can be filed under 'miscellaneous'
everything ends badly. otherwise it wouldn't end.
everything is possible. pass the word. - rita mae brown, six of one
everything should be built top-down, except the first time
everything should be built top-down, except this time
everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful - erwin tomash
every time i look at you i am more convinced of darwin's theory
every time i lose weight, it finds me again!
every time i think i know where it's at, they move it
every why hath a wherefore - william shakespeare, a comedy of errors
excellent day for drinking heavily. spike the office water cooler.
execute every act of thy life as though it were thy last - marcus aurelius
expansion means complexity; and complexity decay
expense accounts: corporate food stamps
experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones
experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted
experience is what you get when you were expecting something else
experience varies directly with equipment ruined
experiments must be reproducible; they should all fail in the same way
expert: someone who comes from out of town and shows slides
eye of newt and toe of frog, wool of bat and tongue of dog
factorials were someone's attempt to make math look exciting
facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable
facts are the enemy of truth - don quixote
facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored - aldous huxley
fairy tale: a horror story to prepare children for the newspapers
faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door
faith is under the left nipple - martin luther
faith: not *wanting* to know what is true - friedrich nietzsche
fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever
familiarity breeds contempt - and children - mark twain
far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth
fashions have done more harm than revolutions - victor hugo
faster, faster, you fool, you fool! - bill cosby
fast ship? you mean you've never heard of the millennium falcon? - han solo
fat liberation: because a waist is a terrible thing to mind
fear and loathing, my man, fear and loathing - hunter s. thompson
federal law prohibits dispensing without a prescription
female of the species is more deadly then the male
fidelity: a virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed
fie, foh, fum, i smell the blood of an englishman
file cabinet: a four drawer, manually activated trash compactor
filibuster: throwing your wait around
finagle's creed: science is true. don't be misled by facts.
finagle's first law: if an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
fine's corollary: functionality breeds contempt
finster's law: a closed mouth gathers no feet
first law of socio-genetics: celibacy is not hereditary
five bicycles make a volkswagen, seven make a truck - adolfo guzman
flattery is all right - if you don't inhale - adlai stevenson
fly me away to the bright side of the moon...
foolproof operation: no provision for adjustment
fools rush in - and get the best seats in the house
for adult education nothing beats children
for a holy stint, a moth of the cloth gave up his woolens for lint
for a light heart lives long - shakespeare, love's labour's lost
for best results, follow directions carefully
force has no place where there is need of skill - herodotus
for fools rush in where angels fear to tread - alexander pope
forgive them for they know not what they do
for god's sake, stop researching for a while and begin to think!
forms follow function, and often obliterate it
for people who like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will like
for the man who has everything... penicillin - f. borquin
for the next hour, we will control all that you see and hear
fortune and love befriend the bold - ovid
for your penance, say five hail marys and one loud blah!
frankfort, kentucky makes it against the law to shoot off a policeman's tie
frankly, scarlett, i don't have a fix - rhett buggler
freedom from incrustation of grime is contiguous to rectitude
freedom is nothing else but the chance to do better - camus
freedom is still the most radical idea of all - nathaniel branden
freedom is what you do with what's been done to you - jean-paul sartre
freedom of the press is for those who happen to own one
free markets select for winning solutions - eric s. raymond
fresco's discovery: if you knew what you were doing you'd probably be bored
friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate - thomas jones
friends, romans, countrymen, lend me your ears
from listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance
from the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first - bertolt brecht
fundamentally, there may be no basis for anything
furious activity is no substitute for understanding - h. h. williams
gary hart: living proof that you *can* screw your brains out
gee, toto, i don't think we're in kansas anymore
general notions are generally wrong - lady m. w. montagu
genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration
genius is the talent of a person who is dead
get forgiveness now - tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty
get hold of portable property - charles dickens, great expectations
get revenge! live long enough to be a problem for your children!
getting there is only half as far as getting there and back
giraffiti: vandalism spray-painted very, very high
girls are better looking in snowstorms - archie goodwin
girls really do know just what they want - you to figure it out for yourself!
girls who throw themselves at men, are actually taking very careful aim
give a woman an inch and she'll park a car in it
give me a fish and i will eat today. teach me to fish and i will eat forever.
give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles
give me chastity and continence, but not just now - st. augustine
give me enough medals, and i'll win any war - napoleon
given sufficient time, what you put off doing today will get done by itself
give: support the helpless victims of computer error
give your child mental blocks for christmas
go away, i'm all right - h. g. wells' last words
god created a few perfect heads. the rest he covered with hair.
god gives us relatives; thank goodness we can chose our friends.
god, i ask for patience - and i want it right now!
go directly to jail. do not pass go, do not collect $200.
god is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh
god is dead and i don't feel all too well either.... - ralph moonen
god is love, but get it in writing - gypsy rose lee
god isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking place.
god isn't dead. he just doesn't want to get involved.
god is subtle, but he is not malicious - albert einstein
god made the integers; all else is the work of man - kronecker
god made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh
god must have loved calories, she made so many of them
god must love the common man; he made so many of them
god requireth not a uniformity of religion - roger williams
god save us from a bad neighbor and a beginner on the fiddle
god was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal - samuel butler
going the speed of light is bad for your age
good advice is one of those insults that ought to be forgiven
good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere
good health is merely the slowest rate at which one can die
good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed
good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance
good night, mrs. calabash, wherever you are.
gossip: hearing something you like about someone you don't - earl wilson
got a dictionary? i want to know the meaning of life.
gotcha, you snot-necked weenies! - post bros comics
go to heaven for the climate, hell for the company - mark twain
government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies
government's law: there is an exception to all laws
grabel's law: 2 is not equal to 3 - not even for large values of 2.
graduate life: it's not just a job. it's an indenture.
gravity: what you get when you eat too much and too fast
great acts are made up of small deeds - lao tsu
great american axiom: some is good, more is better, too much is just right
greatness is a transitory experience. it is never consistent.
greener's law: never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel
greetings, professor falken. shall we play a game?
griffin's thought: when you starve with a tiger, the tiger starves last
hackers are just a migratory lifeform with a tropism for computers
half moon tonight. at least it's better than no moon at all.
half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at
halley's comet: it came, we saw, we drank
happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others
happiness is good health and a bad memory - ingrid bergman
happiness is having a scratch for every itch - ogden nash
happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion
happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have
happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length
hard reality has a way of cramping your style - daniel dennett
hardware: the parts of a computer system that can be kicked
hark, hark! the lark at heaven's gate sings
harris's lament: all the good ones are taken
has anyone ever tasted an end? are they really bitter?
hate the sin and love the sinner - mahatma gandhi
have no friends not equal to yourself - confucius
having a wonderful wine, wish you were beer
having no talent is no longer enough - gore vidal
having the fewest wants, i am nearest to the gods - socrates
health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die
heavy: seduced by the chocolate side of the force
he flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions
he gave her a look that you could have poured on a waffle
he hadn't a single redeeming vice - oscar wilde
he hath eaten me out of house and home - william shakespeare, henry iv
he is a man capable of turning any colour into grey - john lecarre
he is no lawyer who cannot take two sides
he is now rising from affluence to poverty - mark twain
he is the best of men who dislikes power - mohammed
he is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap
he keeps differentiating, flying off on a tangent
he knew the tavernes well in every toun - geoffrey chaucer
he knows not how to know who knows not also how to unknow - sir richard burton
hello again, peabody here... - mister peabody
help me, i'm a prisoner in a cryptogram game!
help! my typewriter is broken! - e. e. cummings
help stamp out and abolish redundancy and repetition
here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason
herth's law: he who turns the other cheek too far gets it in the neck
he's just a politician trying to save both his faces...
he's just like capistrano, always ready for a few swallows
he's on the same bus, but he's sure as hell got a different ticket
he's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is...
he that bringeth a present, findeth the door open - scottish proverb.
he that teaches himself has a fool for a master - benjamin franklin
he that would govern others, first should be the master of himself
he thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold
he walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose
he was a fiddler, and consequently a rogue - jonathan swift
he was a modest, good-humored boy. it was oxford that made him insufferable
he who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut
he who enters his wife's dressing room is a philosopher or a fool - balzac
he who fears the unknown may one day flee from his own backside - sinbad
he who fights and runs away lives to fight another day
he who foresees calamities suffers them twice over
he who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last
he who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet
he who hoots with owls by night cannot soar with eagles by day
he who is flogged by fate and laughs the louder is a masochist
he who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else
he who is known as an early riser need not get up until noon
he who knows, does not speak. he who speaks, does not know - lao tsu
he who knows that enough is enough will always have enough - lao tsu
he who laughs has not yet heard the bad news - bertolt brecht
he who laughs last hasn't been told the terrible truth
he who laughs last - missed the punch line
he who laughs last usually had to have joke explained
he who lives without folly is less wise than he believes
he who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man - dr. johnson
he who minds his own business is never unemployed
he who slings mud generally loses ground - adlai stevenson
he who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of tnt
he who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned - sinbad
he who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder - m. c. escher
hey! who took the cork off my lunch??! - w. c. fields
higher education helps your earning capacity. ask any college professor.
his heart was yours from the first moment that you met
his life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler
his mind is like a steel trap: full of mice - foghorn leghorn
history books which contain no lies are extremely dull
history is on our side (as long as we can control the historians)
history repeats itself only if one does not listen the first time
history repeats itself. that's one thing wrong with history.
home on the range was originally written in beef-flat
honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense
honesty's the best policy - miguel de cervantes
honk if you hate bumper stickers that say 'honk if ...'
hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper - francis bacon
hope not, lest ye be disappointed - m. horner
hoping to goodness is not theologically sound - peanuts
horses are forbidden to eat fire hydrants in marshalltown, iowa
houdini escaping from new jersey! film at eleven.
housework can kill you if done right - erma bombeck
how about a nice game of chess?
how can i miss you if you won't go away?
how can you be in two places at once when you're not anywhere at all?
how can you do 'new math' problems with an 'old math' mind? - charles schulz
how can you govern a nation which has 246 kinds of cheese? - charles de gaulle
how can you think and hit at the same time? - yogi berra
how can you work when the system's so crowded?
how come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?
how do i love thee? my accumulator overflows.
how do you explain school to a higher intelligence? - elliot, e.t.
howe's law: everyone has a scheme that will not work
how kind of you to be willing to live someone's life for them
how long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on
how many priests are needed for a boston mass?
how much does she love you? less than you'll ever know
how much net work could a network work, if a network could net work?
how much of their influence on you is a result of your influence on them?
how sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent
how sharper than a serpent's tooth is a sister's see? - linus van pelt
how sharper than a serpent's tooth it is to have a thankless child
how wonderful opera would be if there were no singers
hubbard's law: don't take life too seriously; you won't get out of it alive
human beings were created by water to transport it uphill
hummingbirds never remember the words to songs
humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse - william gilbert
humorists always sit at the children's table - woody allen
i ain't broke, but i'm badly bent
i always had a repulsive need to be something more than human - david bowie
i always say beauty is only sin deep - saki, reginald's choir treat
i always wake up at the crack of ice - joe e. lewis
i am a bookaholic. if you are a decent person, you will not sell me another book.
i am a deeply superficial person - andy warhol
i am firm. you are obstinate. he is a pig-headed fool. - katharine whitehorn
i am looking for a honest man - diogenes the cynic
i am not an economist. i am an honest man! - paul mccracken
i am not a politician and my other habits are also good - a. ward
i am not sure what this is, but an 'f' would only dignify it.
i am the mother of all things, and all things should wear a sweater
i am two fools, i know, for loving, and for saying so - john donne
i am what you will be; i was what you are
i am your density - george mcfly in back to the future
i base my fashion taste on what doesn't itch - gilda radner
i believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean - g. k. chesterton
i bet the human brain is a kludge - marvin minsky
ibm pollyanna principle: machines should work. people should think.
i bought some used paint. it was in the shape of a house. - steven wright
i call them as i see them. if i can't see them, i make them up. - biff barf
i came to mit to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother
i can hire one half of the working class to kill the other half - jay gould
i can read your mind, and you should be ashamed of yourself
i can resist everything except temptation - oscar wilde
i can't drive 55. i'm looking forward to not being able to drive 65, either.
i can't mate in captivity - gloria steinem, on why she has never married
i can't stand squealers; hit that guy - albert anastasia
i couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less
i despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom i despise
i'd horsewhip you if i had a horse - groucho marx
i didn't know he was dead; i thought he was british
i didn't know it was impossible when i did it
i distinctly remember forgetting that - clara barton
i'd just as soon kiss a wookie - princess leia organa
i'd like to meet the guy who invented beer and see what he's working on now
i'd love to go out with you, but i did my own thing and now i've gotto undo it
i'd love to go out with you, but i have to floss my cat
i'd love to go out with you, but i have to stay home and see if i snore
i'd love to go out with you, but i'm having all my plants neutered
i'd love to go out with you, but it's my parakeet's bowling night
i'd love to go out with you, but i've been scheduled for a karma transplant
i'd love to go out with you, but i want to spend more time with my blender
i'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on tv
i do enjoy a good long walk - especially when my wife takes one
i do not fear computers. i fear the lack of them. - isaac asimov
i do not know myself and god forbid that i should - johann wolfgang von goethe
i don't care where i sit as long as i get fed - calvin trillin
i don't drink, i don't like it, it makes me feel too good. - k. coates
i don't even butter my bread. i consider that cooking. - katherine cebrian
i don't know why we're here, i say we all go home and free associate
i don't make the rules, gil, i only play the game - cash mccall
i don't want people to love me. it makes for obligations. - jean anouilh
i don't want to be young again, i just don't want to get any older
i don't want to bore you, but there's nobody else around for me to bore
i don't wish to appear overly inquisitive, but are you still alive?
i dote on his very absence - william shakespeare, the merchant of venice
i'd rather push my harley than ride a rice burner
i drink to make other people interesting - george jean nathan
i drive my car quietly, for it goes without saying
i either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it
if a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far - paul white
if a fool persists in his folly he shall become wise - william blake
if all men were brothers, would you let one marry your sister?
if all the world's a stage, i want to operate the trap door - paul beatty
if a man has talent and cannot use it, he has failed - thomas wolfe
if an experiment works, something has gone wrong
if anything can go wrong, it will - edsel murphy
if at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried
if at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success
if at first you don't succeed, redefine success
if at first you don't succeed, try, try again - w. e. hickson
if at first you don't succeed, you are running about average
if at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer
if at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment
if a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?
if condition persists, consult your physician
if dolphins are so smart, why did flipper work for television?
i fear explanations explanatory of things explained
i feel sorry for your brain... all alone in that great big head...
if entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?
if everything is coming your way then you're in the wrong lane
if food be the music of love, eat up, eat up
if god had intended man to smoke, he would have set him on fire
if god had intended man to walk, he would have given him feet
if god had intended man to watch tv, he would have given him rabbit ears
if god had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way
if god is one, what is bad? - charles manson
if god is perfect, why did he create discontinuous functions?
if god wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs? - marvin kitman
if he learns from his mistakes, pretty soon he'll know everything
if i do not want others to quote me, i do not speak - phil wayne
if i don't see you in the future, i'll see you in the pasture
if ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy people?
if *i* had a hammer, there'd be no more folk singers
if i had any humility i would be perfect - ted turner
if i had only known, i would have been a locksmith - albert einstein
if i have not seen so far it is because i stood in giant's footsteps
if i have to lay an egg for my country, i'll do it - bob hope
if i love you, what business is it of yours? - johann van goethe
if i'm what i eat, i'm a chocolate chip cookie
if it ain't broke, don't fix it - bert lantz
if i told you you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
if it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven
if it's not in the computer, it doesn't exist
if it's worth hacking on well, it's worth hacking on for money
if it wasn't for newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples
if it wasn't so warm out today, it would be cooler
if it weren't for the last minute, nothing would ever get done
if life is a stage, i want some better lighting
if life is merely a joke, the question still remains: for whose amusement?
if life isn't what you wanted, have you asked for anything else?
if little else, the brain is an educational toy - tom robbins
if love were oil, i'd be about a quart low - book title by lewis grizzard
if only dionysus were alive! where would he eat? - woody allen
if only i could be respected without having to be respectable
if only you had a personality instead of an attitude
i found out why my car was humming. it had forgotten the words.
i found rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble - augustus caesar
if practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
if pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress?
if puns were deli meat, this would be the wurst
if rabbits' feet are so lucky, what happened to the rabbit?
if redness or swelling develop, consult physician promptly
if roosevelt were alive, he'd turn over in his grave - samuel goldwyn
if society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom - robert frost
if someone says he will do something without fail, he won't
if the ends don't justify the means, then what does? - robert moses
if the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts - albert einstein
if there is no god, who pops up the next kleenex? - art hoppe
if there is no wind, row - polish proverb
if the thunder don't get you, then the lightning will
if the very old will remember, the very young will listen - chief dan george
if things don't improve soon, you'd better ask them to stop helping you
if this fortune didn't exist, somebody would have invented it
if this is a service economy, why is the service so bad?
if this is timesharing, give me my share right now
if time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
if two wrongs don't make a right, try three - laurence j. peter
if value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely
if we all work together, we can totally disrupt the system
if we do not change our direction we are likely to end up where we are headed
if we don't survive, we don't do anything else - john sinclair
if we were meant to fly, we wouldn't keep losing our luggage
if we won't stand together, we don't stand a chance
if wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves
if you analyse anything, you destroy it - arthur miller
if you are a fatalist, what can you do about it? - ann edwards-duff
if you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry - anton chekhov
if you are going to walk on thin ice, you may as well dance
if you are too busy to read, then you are too busy
if you are what you eat, does that mean euell gibbons really was a nut?
if you can lead it to water and force it to drink, it isn't a horse
if you can survive death, you can probably survive anything
if you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen
if you can't understand it, it is intuitively obvious
if you continually give you will continually have
if you didn't get caught, did you really do it?
if you do not think about the future, you cannot have one - john galsworthy
if you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost
if you don't do the things that are not worth doing, who will?
if you don't know what game you're playing, don't ask what the score is
if you don't like the way i drive, stay off the sidewalk!
if you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody will
if you flaunt it, expect to have it trashed
if you fool around with something long enough, it will eventually break
if you give a man enough rope, he'll claim he's tied up at the office
if you had any brains, you'd be dangerous
if you have nothing to do, don't do it here
if you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know - louis armstrong
if you have to think twice about it, you're wrong
if you keep an open mind people will throw a lot of garbage in it
if you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away
if you knew what to say next, would you say it
if you know the answer to a question, don't ask - petersen nesbit
if you laid all of our laws end to end, there would be no end - mark twain
if you mess with a thing long enough, it'll break - schmidt
if you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail - maslow
if you put it off long enough, it might go away
if your aim in life is nothing, you can't miss
if you're careful enough, nothing bad or good will ever happen to you
if you're carrying a torch, put it down. the olympics are over.
if you're constantly being mistreated, you're cooperating with the treatment.
if you refuse to accept anything but the best you very often get it
if you're looking for trouble, i can offer you a wide selection
if you're not careful, you're going to catch something
if you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate
if you're not very clever you should be conciliatory - benjamin disraeli
if you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first
if you think that, you have another think coming
if you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it
if you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything
if you want divine justice, die - nick seldon
if you want to be ruined, marry a rich woman - michelet
if you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law
if you want to make god laugh, tell him about your plans - woody allen
if you waste your time cooking, you'll miss the next meal
if you wish to succeed, consult three old people
if you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend
i generally avoid temptation unless i can't resist it - mae west
i got this powdered water - now i don't know what to add - steven wright
i guess the little league is even littler than we thought - d. cavett
i hate babies. they're so human. - h. h. munro
i have a rock garden. last week three of them died. - richard diran
i have a theory that it's impossible to prove anything, but i can't prove it
i have a very small mind and must live with it - e. dijkstra
i have a very strange feeling about this... - luke skywalker
i have just one word for you, my boy...plastics - from the graduate
i have more hit points that you can possible imagine
i have never let my schooling interfere with my education - mark twain
i have nothing to offer but blood toil tears and sweat
i haven't come far enough, and don't call me baby
i haven't lost my mind; i know exactly where i left it
i haven't lost my mind - it's backed up on disk somewhere
i have often regretted my speech, never my silence - publilius syrus
i have seen the great pretender and he is not what he seems
i hear what you're saying but i just don't care
i just thought of something funny...your mother. - cheech marin
i knew her before she was a virgin - oscar levant, on doris day
i know engineers. they love to change things. - dr. mccoy
i know it all. i just can't remember it all at once.
i know on which side my bread is buttered - john heywood
i know you're in search of yourself, i just haven't seen you anywhere
i like being single. i'm always there when i need me. - art leo
i like young girls. their stories are shorter. - tom mcguane
i like your game but we have to change the rules
i live the way i type; fast, with a lot of mistakes
i'll be comfortable on the couch. famous last words. - lenny bruce
i'll give you a definite maybe - samuel goldwyn
i'll let you play with my life if you'll let me play with yours
i'll listen to reason when it comes out on cd
i'll never get off this planet - luke skywalker
i'll pretend to trust you if you'll pretend to trust me
i'll turn over a new leaf - miguel de cervantes
illusion is the first of all pleasures - voltaire
i love mankind ... it's people i hate - schulz
i love mickey mouse more than any woman i've ever known - walt disney
i love treason but hate a traitor - gaius julius caesar
i love your outfit, does it come in your size?
imagination is more important than knowledge - albert einstein
imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality - jules de gaultier
imagine what we can imagine! - arthur rubinstein
i'm a hollywood writer; so i put on a sports jacket and take off my brain
i'm all for computer dating, but i wouldn't want one to marry my sister
i married beneath me. all women do. - lady nancy astor
i marvel at the strength of human weakness
i may be getting older, but i refuse to grow up!
i may not be able to walk, but i drive from a sitting position
i may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent - ashleigh brilliant
i'm defending her honor, which is more than she ever did
i'm glad i was not born before tea - sidney smith
i'm going to boston to see my doctor. he's a very sick man. - fred allen
i'm going to live forever, or die trying! - spider robinson
i'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear - john foreman
i'm growing older, but not up - jimmy buffett
i'm in pittsburgh. why am i here? - harold urey, nobel laureate
imitation is the sincerest form of plagiarism
imitation is the sincerest form of television - the new mighty mouse
immature artists imitate, mature artists steal - lionel trilling
immigration is the sincerest form of flattery - jack paar
immortality - a fate worse than death - edgar a. shoaff
i'm not a god, i was misquoted - lister, red dwarf
i'm not a nerd - i'm socially challenged
i'm not laughing with you, i'm laughing at you
i'm not prejudiced, i hate everyone equally
i'm not really for apathy, but i'm not against it either...
i'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert!
i'm on a seafood diet - i see food and i eat it
i'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life
i'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're here
i'm sorry, but my karma just ran over your dogma
i'm sorry if the correct way of doing things offends you
i'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie
i'm successful because i'm lucky. the harder i work, the luckier i get.
i must follow the people. am i not their leader? - benjamin disraeli
in 1750 issac newton became discouraged when he fell up a flight of stairs
in 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled waffles
in a bottle, the neck is always at the top
in america, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you save
in an orderly world, there's always a place for the disorderly
in case of fire, stand in the hall and shout fire! - the kidner report
in charity there is no excess - francis bacon
in christianity, a man may have only one wife. this is called monotony.
indecision is the true basis for flexibility
indifference will certainly be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?
i need another lawyer like i need another hole in my head - fratianno
i never killed a man that didn't deserve it - mickey cohen
i never liked you, and i always will - samuel goldwyn
i never loved another person the way i loved myself - mae west
i never met a man i couldn't drink handsome
i never met a piece of chocolate i didn't like
i never met a woman i couldn't drink pretty
i never pray before meals - my mom's a good cook
i never vote for anyone. i always vote against. - w. c. fields
in god we trust; all else we walk through
in just seven days, i can make you a man! - the rocky horror picture show
in like a dimwit, out like a light - pogo
in love, she who gives her portrait promises the original - bruton
in matrimony, to hesitate is sometimes to be saved - butler
in mexico we have a word for sushi: bait - josi simon
in most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present
in my end is my beginning - mary stuart, queen of scots
inoculatte: to take coffee intravenously when you are running late
in order to dial out, it is necessary to broaden one's dimension
inquiry is fatal to certainty - will durant
insanity is hereditary. you get it from your kids.
insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over
inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile
in success there's a tendency to keep on doing what you were doing - alan kay
intel cpus are not defective, they just act that way - henry spencer
intelligence without character is a dangerous thing - g. steinem
in the eyes of my dog, i'm a man - martin mull
in the halls of justice the only justice is in the halls - lenny bruce
in the long run we are all dead - john maynard keynes
in the shopping mall of the mind, he's in the toy department
in this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes - benjamin franklin
in this world, truth can wait; she's used to it
intolerance is the last defense of the insecure
in war it is not men, but the man who counts - napoleon
in war, truth is the first casualty - u. thant
in which level of metalanguage are you now speaking?
i only know what i read in the papers - will rogers
i only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!
iowa state - the high school after high school! - crow t. robot
i poured spot remover on my dog. now he's gone. - steven wright
i predict that today will be remembered until tomorrow!
i prefer to think that god is not dead, just drunk - john huston
i put up my thumb... and it blotted out the planet earth - neil armstrong
i refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person
i respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education - wilson mizner
irrationality is the square root of all evil - douglas hofstadter
is a wedding successful if it comes off without a hitch?
i saw what you did and i know who you are
i see you stand like greyhounds in the slips
is it weird in here, or is it just me? - steven wright
is knowledge knowable? if not, how do we know that?
i stick my neck out for nobody - humphrey bogart, casablanca
i suggest a new strategy, r2: let the wookie win - c3p0
is your job running? you'd better go catch it!
it ain't over until it's over - casey stengel
it does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations
it doesn't matter whether you win or lose - until you lose
it gets late early out there - yogi berra
it has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats
i think man invented the car by instinct - jack handley
i think the world is run by c students - al mcguire
i think we're all bozos on this bus - firesign theatre
it is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness
it is annoying to be honest to no purpose - publius ovidius naso
it is a poor judge who cannot award a prize
it is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish - aeschylus
it is bad luck to be superstitious - andrew w. mathis
it is better to be bow-legged than no-legged
it is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees
it is better to have loved and lost - much better
it is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost
it is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall
it is better to remain childless than to father an orphan
it is better to wear out than to rust out
it is difficult to legislate morality in the absence of moral legislators
it is easier to get forgiveness than permission
it is easier to run down a hill than up one
it is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love
it is fortune, not wisdom, that rules man's life
it is illegal to say oh, boy in jonesboro, georgia
it is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised
it is much easier to be critical than to be correct - benjamin disraeli
it is not a good omen when goldfish commit suicide
it is not best to swap horses while crossing the river - abraham lincoln
it is not every question that deserves an answer - publilius syrus
it is now 10 p.m. do you know where henry kissinger is? - elizabeth carpenter
it isn't an optical illusion. it just looks like one.
it isn't easy being a friday kind of person in a monday kind of world
it is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their dignity
it is possible that blondes also prefer gentlemen - maimie van doren
it is the business of little minds to shrink - carl sandburg
it is the business of the future to be dangerous - hawkwind
it is the theory which decides what can be observed - albert einstein
it is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree
it'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished
it'll be just like beggars' canyon back home - luke skywalker
it looks like blind screaming hedonism won out
it might help if we ran the mba's out of washington - admiral grace hopper
it now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father
it occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately
i tripped over a hole that was sticking up out of the ground
it's a cold bowl of chili, when love don't work out
it's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for
it's always darkest just before it gets pitch black
it's always darkest just before the lights go out - alex clark
it's amazing how much better you feel once you've given up hope
it's amazing how much mature wisdom resembles being too tired
it's a small world, but i wouldn't want to have to paint it - steven wright
it's bad enough that life is a rat-race, but why do the rats always have to win?
it's been real and it's been fun, but it hasn't been real fun
it's better to be quotable than to be honest - tom stoppard
it's better to burn out than it is to rust
it's better to burn out than to fade away
it's better to light a candle than curse the darkness
it's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame
it's easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them
it's easier to take it apart than to put it back together - washlesky
it seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag
it seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you
it's great to be smart 'cause then you know stuff
it's hard to be humble when you're perfect
it's illegal in wilbur, washington, to ride an ugly horse
it's kind of fun to do the impossible - walt disney
it's like deja vu all over again - yogi berra
it's men like him that give the y chromosome a bad name
it's more than magnificent - it's mediocre - sam goldwyn
it's never too late to have a happy childhood
it's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one - phil white
it's not easy, being green - kermit the frog
it's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things
it's not the despair... i can stand the despair. it's the hope
it's not the fall that kills you, it's the landing
it's not the inital skirt length, it's the upcreep
it's not the men in my life, but the life in my men that counts - mae west
it's not the valleys in life i dread so much as the dips - garfield
it's not whether you win or lose but how you played the game - grantland rice
it's not whether you win or lose, it's how you look playing the game
it's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame
it's no use crying over spilt milk - it only makes it salty for the cat
it's really quite a simple choice: life, death, or los angeles
it's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten
it's ten o'clock... do you know where your ai programs are? - peter oakley
it's the best thing since professional golfers on 'ludes - rick obidiah
it's what you learn after you know it all that counts - john wooden
it takes all kinds to fill the freeways - crazy charlie
it takes a smart husband to have the last word and not use it
it takes a special kind of courage to face what we all have to face
it takes both a weapon, and two people, to commit a murder
it takes two to tell the truth: one to speak and one to hear
it was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead
it was a brave man that ate the first oyster
it wasn't exactly a divorce - i was traded - tim conway
it would be nice to be sure of anything the way some people are of everything
it would save me a lot of time if you just gave up and went mad now
i used to be an agnostic, but now i'm not so sure
i used to be an idealist, but i got mugged by reality
i used to be snow white, but i drifted - mae west
i used to get high on life but lately i've built up a resistance
i used to go to ucla, but then my dad got a job
i used to have a drinking problem. now i love the stuff.
i used to jog, but the ice kept bouncing out of my glass
i used to think i was indecisive, but now i'm not so sure
i use technology in order to hate it more properly - nam june paik
i've been in more laps than a napkin - mae west
i've enjoyed just about as much of this as i can stand
i've given up reading books; i find it takes my mind off myself
i've got a very bad feeling about this - han solo
i've had a perfectly wonderful evening. but this wasn't it. - groucho marx
i've heard about civil engineers, but i've never met one
i've seen it. it's rubbish. - marvin the paranoid android
i waited and waited and when no message came i knew it must be from you
i want to reach your mind - where is it currently located?
i wasn't kissing her, i was whispering in her mouth - chico marx
i will always love the false image i had of you
i will make no bargains with terrorist hardware - peter da silva
i will make you shorter by the head - elizabeth i
i won't say he's untruthful, but his wife has to call the dog for dinner
i wouldn't be so paranoid if you weren't all out to get me!!
i wouldn't marry her with a ten foot pole
jealousy is all the fun you think they have
job placement: telling your boss what he can do with your job
jogger: an odd sort of person with a thing for pain
johnson's law: systems resemble the organizations that create them
jones' motto: friends come and go, but enemies accumulate
journalism is literature in a hurry - matthew arnold
journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it
just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you
just give alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours
just how much can i get away with and still go to heaven?
justice always prevails ... three times out of seven! - michael j. wagner
just remember, wherever you go, there you are - buckaroo bonzai
keep a diary and one day it'll keep you - mae west
keep america beautiful. swallow your beer cans.
keep cool, but don't freeze - hellman's mayonnaise
keep grandma off the streets - legalize bingo
keep hands and feet away from moving parts at all times
kent's heuristic: look for it first where you'd most like to find it
kids always brighten up a house; mostly by leaving the lights on
kirk to enterprise - beam down yeoman rand and a six-pack
kissing don't last, cookery do - george meredith
kitchen activity is highlighted. butter up a friend.
kites rise highest against the wind - not with it - winston churchill
kliban's first law of dining: never eat anything bigger than your head
knowledge is power - knowledge shared is power lost - aleister crowley
know thyself. if you need help, call the c.i.a.
know what i hate most? rhetorical questions. - henry n. camp
lack of capability is usually disguised by lack of interest
lack of money is the root of all evil - george bernard shaw
lack of skill dictates economy of style - joey ramone
language is a virus from another planet - william burroughs
larkinson's law: all laws are basically false
laugh, and the world ignores you. crying doesn't help either.
laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone
laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot
laugh at your problems; everybody else does
laughter is the closest distance between two people - victor borge
laugh while you can, monkey-boy - dr. emilio lizardo
laura's law: no child throws up in the bathroom
law of the jungle: he who hesitates is lunch
lawrence radiation laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk
law stands mute in the midst of arms - marcus tullius cicero
lay off the muses, it's a very tough dollar - s. j. perelman
lead me not into temptation... i can find it myself
learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads
learn from other people's mistakes, you don't have time to make your own
learning at some schools is like drinking from a firehose
left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing
left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse
let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage - publilius syrus
let he who takes the plunge remember to return it by tuesday
let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience
let not the sands of time get in your lunch
let's do it - gary gilmore, to his firing squad
let thy maid servant be faithful, strong, and homely - benjamin franklin
let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order
liar: one who tells an unpleasant truth - oliver herford
lies! all lies! you're all lying against my boys! - ma barker
life: a whim of several billion cells to be you for a while
life begins at the centerfold and expands outward - miss november, 1966
life being what it is, one dreams of revenge - paul gauguin
life can be so tragic - you're here today and here tomorrow
life is a game. money is how we keep score. - ted turner
life is a game of bridge - and you've just been finessed
life is a grand adventure - or it is nothing - helen keller
life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others
life is a series of rude awakenings - r. v. winkle
life is a whim of several billion cells to be you for a while
life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string
life is both difficult and time-consuming
life is divided into the horrible and the miserable - woody allen
life is fraught with opportunities to keep your mouth shut
life is just a bowl of cherries, but why do i always get the pits?
life is knowing how far to go without crossing the line
life is like a buffet; it's not good but there's plenty of it
life is one long struggle in the dark - titus lucretius carus
life is the childhood of our immortality - goethe
life is the living you do, death is the living you don't do - joseph pintauro
life is too important to take seriously - corky siegel
life is too short to be taken seriously - oscar wilde
life is too short to stuff a mushroom - storm jameson
life: learning about people the hard way - by being one
life, like beer, is merely borrowed - don reed
life's the same, except for the shoes - the cars
life's too short to dance with ugly women
life sucks, but it's better than the alternative - peter da silva
life: that brief interlude between nothingness and eternity
life without caffeine is stimulating enough - sanka ad
life would be tolerable but for its amusements - g. b. shaw
like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone
line printer paper is strongest at the perforations
little girls, like butterflies, need no excuse - lazarus long
live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse - james dean
live from new york ... it's saturday night!
live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so - josh billings
living in la is like not having a date on saturday night - candice bergen
logic doesn't apply to the real world - marvin minsky
loneliness is a terrible price to pay for independence
lonely is a man without love - englebert humperdinck
long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught
look! before our very eyes, the future is becoming the past
losing your drivers' license is just god's way of saying booga, booga!
lost: gray and white female cat. answers to electric can opener.
lost interest? it's so bad i've lost apathy.
love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea
love cannot be much younger than the lust for murder - sigmund freud
love is an obsessive delusion that is cured by marriage - dr. karl bowman
love is being stupid together - paul valery
love is like the measles; we all have to go through it - jerome k. jerome
love isn't only blind, it's also deaf, dumb, and stupid.
love is staying up all night with a sick child, or a healthy adult
love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence - h. l. mencken
love is what you've been through with somebody - james thurber
love tells us many things that are not so - krainian proverb
love - the last of the serious diseases of childhood
love the sea? i dote upon it - from the beach.
love thy neighbor as thyself, but choose your neighborhood - louise beal
love ties in a knot in the end of the rope
love: when it's growing, you don't mind watering it with a few tears
love your enemies: they'll go crazy trying to figure out what you're up to
love your neighbour, yet don't pull down your hedge - benjamin franklin
lowery's law: if it jams - force it. if it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
luck can't last a lifetime, unless you die young - russell banks
machines have less problems. i'd like to be a machine. - andy warhol
machines take me by surprise with great frequency - alan turing
macho does not prove mucho - zsa zsa gabor
magic is always the best solution - especially reliable magic
majorities, of course, start with minorities - robert moses
majority: that quality that distinguishes a crime from a law
malek's law: any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way
malpractice: the reason surgeons wear masks
management is not responsible for loss or damage
management: the art of getting other people to do all the work
man belongs wherever he wants to go - wernher von braun
man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it - fred allen
man has never reconciled himself to the ten commandments
manic-depressive: easy glum, easy glow
man is by nature a political animal - aristotle
man is the measure of all things - protagoras
man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to - mark twain
mankind is poised midway between the gods and the beasts - plotinus
man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?
man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought
man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self
many alligators will be slain, but the swamp will remain
many are called, few are chosen. fewer still get to do the choosing.
many hands make light work - john heywood
many husbands go broke on the money their wives save on sales
many people are secretly interested in life
many people resent being treated like the person they really are
many receive advice, few profit by it - publilius syrus
marriage is learning about each other the hard way
marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly - voltaire
marriages are made in heaven and consummated on earth - john lyly
marry in haste and everyone starts counting the months
mathematicians practice absolute freedom - henry adams
math is like love - a simple idea but it can get complicated - r. drabek
matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value
maturity is only a short break in adolescence - jules feiffer
may a misguided platypus lay its eggs in your jockey shorts
may you live in interesting times - chinese proverb
may your future be limited only by your dreams - christa mcauliffe
mediocrity finds safety in standardization - frederick crane
meekness is uncommon patience in planning a worthwhile revenge
meetings: a place where minutes are kept and hours are lost
memories of you remind me of you - karl lehenbauer
memory should be the starting point of the present
men are always ready to respect anything that bores them - marilyn monroe
men freely believe that what they wish to desire - julius caesar
men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science
men never make passes at girls wearing glasses - dorothy parker
men of quality are not afraid of women for equality
men still remember the first kiss after women have forgotten the last
menu: a list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of
micro credo: never trust a computer bigger than you can lift
might not be suitable for persons suffering from weak hearts
miksch's law: if a string has one end, then it has another end
millihelen: the amount of beauty required to launch one ship
mind your own business, then you don't mind mine
misery acquaints a man with strange bedfellows
misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate
misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot
mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure
mistrust first impulses; they are always right
modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings
modesty: being comfortable that others will discover your greatness
modesty is a vastly overrated virtue - j. k. galbraith
moebius strippers never show you their back side
momentum: what you give a person when they are going away
mommy, what happens to your files when you die?
monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life
money isn't everything, but at least it keeps the kids in touch
money is the root of all money - the moving finger
mophobia: fear of being verbally abused by a mississippian
more are taken in by hope than by cunning - vauvenargues
more honoured in the breach than in the observance
most burning issues generate far more heat than light
most people are too busy to have time for anything important
most people feel that everyone is entitled to their opinion
most people have a mind that's open by appointment only
most people's favorite way to end a game is by winning
most seminars have a happy ending. everyone's glad when they're over.
mother told me to be good but she's been wrong before
mount st. helens should have used earth control
mr. watson, come here, i want you - alexander graham bell
mummy: an egyptian who was pressed for time
murphy's law is recursive. washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
murray's rule: any country with democratic in the title isn't
music has charms to soothe the savage breast
music in the soul can be heard by the universe - lao tsu
must be getting close to town - we're hitting more people
my brain is my second favorite organ - woody allen
my computer can beat up your computer - karl lehenbauer
my doctorate's in literature, but it seems like a pretty good pulse to me
my family history begins with me, but yours ends with you - iphicrates
my father was a saint, i'm not - indira gandhi
my, how you've changed since i've changed
my life is a soap opera, but who gets the movie rights?
my mother drinks to forget she drinks - crazy jimmy
my mother wants grandchildren, so i said, mom, go for it! - sue murphy
my mother was the travel agent for guilt trips
my opinions may have changed, but not the fact that i am right
my parents went to niagara falls and all i got was this crummy life
my shampoo lasts longer than my relationships
my uncle was the town drunk - and we lived in chicago - george gobel
my weight is perfect for my height, which varies
national security is in your hands - guard it well
nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed - francis bacon
needs are a function of what other people have
neither spread the germs of gossip nor encourage others to do so
never argue with a fool - people might not be able to tell the difference
never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel
never argue with a woman when she's tired - or rested
never ask the barber if you need a haircut
never be afraid to tell the world who you are - anonymous
never delay the ending of a meeting or the beginning of a cocktail hour
never do today what you can put off until tomorrow
never drink from your finger bowl - it contains only water
never eat more than you can lift - miss piggy
never go to a doctor whose office plants have died - erma bombeck
never have children, only grandchildren - gore vidal
never have so many understood so little about so much - james burke
never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river
never leave anything to chance; make sure all your crimes are premeditated
never let your schooling interfere with your education
never look a gift horse in the mouth - saint jerome
never pay a compliment as if expecting a receipt
never promise more than you can perform - publilius syrus
never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together
never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after
never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own - nelson algren
never swerve to hit a lawyer riding a bicycle - it might be your bicycle
never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient
never trust a child farther than you can throw it
never trust a computer you can't repair yourself
never trust an automatic pistol or a d.a.'s deal - john dillinger
never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg
never try to outstubborn a cat - lazarus long, time enough for love
never underestimate the power of a small tactical nuclear weapon
never underestimate the power of human stupidity
new: different color from previous model
new york is real. the rest is done with mirrors.
nice boy, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice - foghorn leghorn
nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in - evan davis
ninety percent of baseball is half mental - yogi berra
ninety percent of everything is crap - theodore sturgeon
no act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted - aesop
no amount of careful planning will ever replace dumb luck
no amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail
no bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings - william blake
nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest
nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning
nobody ever forgets where he buried the hatchet - kin hubbard
nobody said computers were going to be polite
no, eureka is greek for 'this bath is too hot.' - dr. who
no excellent soul is exempt from a mixture of madness - aristotle
no extensible language will be universal - t. cheatham
no good deed goes unpunished - clare booth luce
no man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas
no man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list
no matter how cynical you get, it's impossible to keep up
no matter what happens, there is always someone who knew it would
no matter where i go, the place is always called here
no matter where you go, there you are... - buckaroo banzai
nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong
none love the bearer of bad news - sophocles
nonsense and beauty have close connections - e. m. forster
nonsense. space is blue and birds fly through it. - heisenberg
no one becomes depraved in a moment - decimus junius juvenalis
no one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish
no one can put you down without your full cooperation
no one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid
no one knows what he can do till he tries - publilius syrus
no problem is so formidable that you can't walk away from it - c. schulz
no question is so difficult as one to which the answer is obvious
normal times may possibly be over forever
no snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible
no sooner said than done - so acts your man of worth - quintus ennius
nostalgia is living life in the past lane
not all who own a harp are harpers - marcus terentius varro
not everything worth doing is worth doing well
not hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none - shakespeare
nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up
nothing ever becomes real until it is experienced - john keats
nothing increases your golf score like witnesses
nothing in life is to be feared. it is only to be understood.
nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example
nothing lasts forever. where do i find nothing?
nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all - arthur balfour
nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits - mark twain
not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease
no two persons ever read the same book - edmund wilson
no use getting too involved in life - you're only here for a limited time
now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature
now is the time for all good men to come to - walt kelly
no wonder you're tired! you understood so much today.
nuclear war would really set back cable - ted turner
nudists are people who wear one-button suits
numeric stability is probably not all that important when you're guessing
objects in mirror may be closer than they appear
o'brian's law: everything is always done for the wrong reasons
obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal
odets, where is thy sting? - george s. kaufman
of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal
of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable - plato
of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy
oh, no, no... i'm not beautiful. just very, very pretty.
oh, well, i guess this is just going to be one of those lifetimes
oh yeah? well, i remember when sex was dirty and the air was clean
ok, now let's look at four dimensions on the blackboard - dr. joy
ok, so you're a ph.d. just don't touch anything
old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill
old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man - trotsky
old age is too high a price to pay for maturity
old macdonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement
old musicians never die, they just decompose
on a clear disk you can seek forever - p. denning
on a scale of 1 to 10 i'd say... oh, somewhere in there
once harm has been done, even a fool understands it - homer
once you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all
one bell system - it used to work before they installed the dimension!
one big pile is better than two little piles - arlo guthrie
one can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means
one doesn't have a sense of humor. it has you. - larry gelbart
one expresses well the love he does not feel - j. a. karr
one family builds a wall, two families enjoy it
one father is more than a hundred schoolmasters - george herbert
one good turn deserves another - gaius petronius
one good turn usually gets most of the blanket
one is not born a woman, one becomes one - simone de beauvoir
one is often kept in the right road by a rut - gustave droz
one learns to itch where one can scratch - ernest bramah
one man's constant is another man's variable - a. j. perlis
one man's folly is another man's wife - helen rowland
one man's mede is another man's persian - george m. cohan
one man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true
one meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it
one nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people
one of the worst of my many faults is that i'm too critical of myself
one picture is worth more than ten thousand words - chinese proverb
one seldom sees a monument to a committee
one small step for man, one giant stumble for mankind
one thought driven home is better than three left on base
one way to stop a runaway horse is to bet on him
only adults have difficulty with childproof caps
only a mediocre person is always at his best - laurence peter
only that in you which is me can hear what i'm saying - baba ram dass
only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core - hannah arendt
only two groups of people fall for flattery - men and women
on the internet, nobody knows you're a dog - cartoon caption
open the pod bay doors, hal - dave bowman, 2001
operator, please trace this call and tell me where i am
oregano: the ancient italian art of pizza folding
others can stop you temporarily, only you can do it permanently
others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails
our business is run on trust. we trust you will pay in advance.
our comedies are not to be laughed at - samuel goldwyn
our houseplants have a good sense of humous
our reruns are better than theirs - nick at nite
our similarities are different - dale berra, son of yogi
our swords shall play the orators for us - christopher marlowe
out of sight is out of mind - arthur clough
out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal
overload - core meltdown sequence initiated
overweight is when you step on your dog's tail and it dies
pain: one thing, at least it proves that you're alive!
pandora's rule: never open a box you didn't close
parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them
paranoia doesn't mean the whole world isn't out to get you
paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life
paranoid club meeting this friday. now ... just try to find out where!
parkinson's law: work expands to fill the time alloted it
parting is such sweet sorrow - william shakespeare
passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life - eric hoffer
passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity
patch griefs with proverbs - william shakespeare, much ado about nothing
patent: a method of publicizing inventions so others can copy them
patience is the best remedy for every trouble - titus maccius plautus
patriotism is the virtue of the vicious - oscar wilde
pay no attention to the man behind the curtain - the wizard of oz
peace be to this house, and all that dwell in it
pension: a federally insured chain letter
people are like onions - you cut them up, and they make you cry
people are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects
people don't change; they only become more so
people tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves
people think love is an emotion. love is good sense. - ken kesey
people usually get what's coming to them ... unless it's been mailed
people who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't
people who make no mistakes do not usually make anything
people who push both buttons should get their wish
people who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle
people who take cold baths never have rheumatism, but they have cold baths
people who think they know everything greatly annoy those of us who do
people with narrow minds usually have broad tongues
perfect guest: one who makes his host feel at home
perfection is achieved only on the point of collapse - c. n. parkinson
perhaps the biggest disappointments were the ones you expected anyway
philosophy: unintelligible answers to insoluble problems
philosophy will clip an angel's wings - john keats
pie are not square. pie are round. cornbread are square.
pity the meek, for they shall inherit the earth - don marquis
place for everything and everything in its place
plastic gun. ingenious. more coffee, please. - the phantom comics
please help keep the world clean: others may wish to use it
please read the prospectus carefully before you invest or send money
please remain calm, it's no use both of us being hysterical at the same time
please remain seated until the ride has come to a complete stop
pohl's law: nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it
portions not affecting outcome have been edited for broadcast
postmen never die, they just lose their zip
post office will not deliver without proper postage
pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth
power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely
power corrupts. and atomic power corrupts atomically
power: the only narcotic regulated by the sec instead of the fda
practical politics consists in ignoring facts - henry adams
practice is the best of all instructors - publilius
practice yourself what you preach - titus maccius plautus
prairies: vast plains covered by treeless forests
praise the sea; on shore remain - john florio
pray to god, but keep rowing to shore - russian proverb
prediction is very difficult, especially of the future - niels bohr
preserve wildlife - pickle a squirrel today!
pretend to spank me - i'm a pseudo-masochist!
preudhomme's law of window cleaning: it's on the other side
price's advice: it's all a game - play it to have fun
problem drinker: a man who never buys
procrastination means never having to say you're sorry
professional wrestling: ballet for the common man
progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long - ogden nash
progress was all right. only it went on too long. - james thurber
prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them - publilius syrus
pull the trigger and you're garbage - lady blue
punning is the worst vice, and there's no vice versa
pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the tv screen
push where it gives and scratch where it itches
put cats in the coffee and mice in the tea!
put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion
quantum mechanics is god's version of trust me
quark: the sound made by a well bred duck
questions are never indiscreet, answers sometimes are - oscar wilde
quit worrying about your health. it'll go away. - robert orben
rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down
raising pet electric eels is gaining a lot of current popularity
rarely do people communicate; they just take turns talking
reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own
reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body
reality always seems harsher in the early morning
reality is bad enough, why should i tell the truth? - patrick sky
reality is for people who lack imagination
reality is just a convenient measure of complexity - alvy ray smith
reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction
reality is nothing but a collective hunch - lily tomlin
reality - what a concept! - robin williams
really?? what a coincidence, i'm shallow too!!
reappraisal: an abrupt change of mind after being found out
record additional transactions on back of previous stub
referring to a book: i read part of it all the way through - samuel goldwyn
reformed: a synagogue that closes for the jewish holidays
reintarnation: coming back to life as a hillbilly
remembering is for those who have forgotten - chinese proverb
remember: silly is a state of mind, stupid is a way of life - dave butler
remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy - hans liepmann
renning's maxim: man is the highest animal. man does the classifying.
reputation: what others are not thinking about you
research is what i'm doing when i don't know what i'm doing - wernher von braun
revolution: a form of government abroad
robustness: never having to say you're sorry
rome was not built in one day - john heywood
round numbers are always false - samuel johnson
rudeness is a weak man's imitation of strength
rule the empire through force - shogun tokugawa
rune's rule: if you don't care where you are, you ain't lost
sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark - heard on noahs' ark
sailors in ships, sail on! even while we died, others rode out the storm.
san francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was - herb caen
sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line
sanity is the trademark of a weak mind - mark harrold
santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate clauses
satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone
satire is tragedy plus time - lenny bruce
satire is what closes saturday night - george kaufman
sattinger's law: it works better if you plug it in
savage's law of expediency: you want it bad, you'll get it bad
say something you'll be sorry for, i love receiving apologies
say yur prayers, yuh flea-pickin' varmint! - yosemite sam
science is to computer science as hydrodynamics is to plumbing
science is what happens when preconception meets verification
science may someday discover what faith has always known
scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance
screw up your courage! you've screwed up everything else.
seattle is so wet that people protect their property with watch-ducks
seeing is believing. you wouldn't have seen it if you hadn't believed it.
seeing is deceiving. it's eating that's believing. - james thurber
seek simplicity - and distrust it. - alfred north whitehead
see, the thing is, i'm an absolutist. i mean, kind of ... in a way ...
send lawyers, guns and money... - lyrics from a warren zevon song
serendipity: the process by which human knowledge is advanced
serocki's stricture: marriage is always a bachelor's last option
set the cart before the horse - john heywood
sex is like air. it's only a big deal if you can't get any.
share: to give in, endure humiliation
shelter, what a nice name for for a place where you polish your cat
she's so tough she won't take 'yes' for an answer
shick's law: there is no problem a good miracle can't solve
show me a sane man and i will cure him for you - c. g. jung
show night or time may vary in your market
show respect for age. drink good scotch for a change.
show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response
silence is the only virtue he has left
silent gratitude isn't very much use to anyone - g. b. stearn
simon's law: everything put together falls apart sooner or later
simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it
since we're all here, we must not be all there - bob mountain beck
sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all
sinners can repent, but stupid is forever
sir, it's very possible this asteroid is not stable - c3p0
slous' contention: if you do a job too well, you'll get stuck with it
small things make base men proud - william shakespeare, henry vi
smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics - fletcher knebel
smoking prohibited. absolutely no ifs, ands, or butts.
snappy repartee: what you'd say if you had another chance
snoopy: no problem is so big that it can't be run away from
software: formal evening attire for female computer analysts
so i'm ugly. so what? i never saw anyone hit with his face. - yogi berra
solipsists of the world... you are already united. - kayvan sylvan
so little time, so little to do - oscar levant
so many beautiful women and so little time - john barrymore
some bachelors want a meaningful overnight relationship
someday you'll get your big chance - or have you already had it?
somehow, the world always affects you more than you affect it
some husbands are living proof that a woman can take a joke
some marriages are made in heaven - but so are thunder and lightning
some men are discovered; others are found out
some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry - gloria steinem
some people cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go
some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled
some people have one of those days. i've had one of those lives.
some people live life in the fast lane. you're in oncoming traffic.
some people need a good imaginary cure for their painful imaginary ailment
some stirring may be necessary to achieve proper consistency
something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue
something's rotten in the state of denmark - william shakespeare
sometimes a cigar is just a cigar - sigmund freud
sometimes even to live is an act of courage - seneca
sometimes love ain't nothing but a misunderstanding between two fools
sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something
sometimes, too long is too long - joe crowe
sometimes you get an almost irresistible urge to go on living
somewhere, just out of sight, the unicorns are gathering
somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known - carl sagan
sorry never means having your say to love
space is to place as eternity is to time - joseph joubert
spare no expense to save money on this one - samuel goldwyn
speak softly and own a big, mean doberman - dave millman
special engagement; no discounts, passes or coupons accepted
specifications subject to change without notice
spence's admonition: never stow away on a kamikaze plane
stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion
staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes
stamp out organized crime!! abolish the irs
start every day off with a smile and get it over with - w. c. fields
statistics are no substitute for judgement - henry clay
statistics means never having to say you're certain
stay seated until bus comes to a complete stop
stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly
steckel's rule to success: good enough is never good enough
stellar rays prove fibbing never pays. embezzlement is another matter.
stop searching forever. happiness is just next to you.
strategy: a comprehensive plan of inaction
stupidity got us into this mess - why can't it get us out?
stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward - william e. davidsen
stupid: losing $25 on the game and $25 on the instant replay
style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative
success covers a multitude of blunders - george bernard shaw
successful and fortunate crime is called virtue - seneca
success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get
success is in the minds of fools - william wrenshaw, 1578
succumb to natural tendencies. be hateful and boring.
sugar daddy: a man who can afford to raise cain
suicide is simply a case of mistaken identity
suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism - donald kaul
support bacteria - it's the only culture some people have!
support bingo, keep grandma off the streets
support your local search and rescue unit - get lost
sure he's sharp as a razor ... he's a two-dimensional pinhead!
surly to bed, surly to rise, makes you about average
suspicion always haunts the guilty mind - william shakespeare
sweater: a garment worn by a child when its mother feels chilly
sweet april showers do spring may flowers - thomas tusser
swipple's rule of order: he who shouts the loudest has the floor
tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy
tact: the unsaid part of what you're thinking
take what you can use and let the rest go by - ken kesey
talkers are no good doers - william shakespeare, henry vi
talking about music is like dancing about architecture - laurie anderson
talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand
talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish - euripides
taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed
taxidermist: a man who mounts animals
tax, title, tag, and dealer handling not included
teamwork is essential - it allows you to blame someone else
technology is dominated by those who manage what they do not understand
television - the longest amateur night in history - robert carson
tempt not a desperate man - william shakespeare, romeo and juliet
texas law forbids anyone to have a pair of pliers in his possession
that boy's about as sharp as a pound of wet liver - foghorn leghorn
that must be wonderful: i don't understand it at all - moliere
that's one small step for a man, a giant leap for mankind
that which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee
the 80's - when you can't tell hairstyles from chemotherapy
the absurd is the essential concept and the first truth - albert camus
the adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech - clifton fadiman
the advertisement is the most truthful part of a newspaper - thomas jefferson
the angels want to wear my red shoes - e. costello
the angry man always thinks he can do more than he can - albertano of brescia
the ants are my friends, they're blowing in the wind
the army needs leaders the way a foot needs a big toe - bill murray
the attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive
the beatles: paul mccartney's old back-up band
the beauty of a pun is in the oy! of the beholder
the best defense against logic is ignorance
the best diplomat i know is a fully activated phaser bank - scotty
the best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal - blair
the best man for the job is often a woman
the best prophet of the future is the past
the best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time
the best thing that comes out of iowa is i-80
the best way to get rid of worries is to let them die of neglect
the best way to keep your friends is not to give them away
the best you get is an even break - franklin adams
the biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has occurred
the british are coming! the british are coming!
the celts invented two things, whiskey and self-destruction
the chain which can be yanked is not the eternal chain - g. fitch
the chief cause of problems is solutions - eric sevareid
the chief enemy of creativity is good sense - picasso
the clash of ideas is the sound of freedom
the climate of bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere
the constitution may not be perfect, but it's a lot better than what we've got!
the course of true anything never does run smooth - samuel butler
the course of true love never did run smooth
the covers of this book are too far apart - book review by ambrose bierce
the cutting edge is getting rather dull - andy purshottam
the daily planet superman saves dessert! plans to eat it later
the day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life
the days are all empty and the nights are unreal
the descent to hades is the same from every place - anaxagoras
the difference between a good haircut and a bad one is seven days
the discerning person is always at a disadvantage
the eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine
the early bird gets the coffee left over from the night before
the earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier
the elder gods went to suggoth and all i got was this lousy t-shirt
the end move in politics is always to pick up a gun - buckminster fuller
the eternal feminine draws us upward - goethe
the existence of god implies a violation of causality
the famous politician was trying to save both his faces
the farther you go, the less you know - lao tsu
the faster we go, the rounder we get - the grateful dead
the female of the species is more deadly then the male
the fifth rule: you have taken yourself too seriously
the first condition of immortality is death - stanislaw lec
the first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it - abbie hoffman
the first requisite for immortality is death - stanislaw lem
the first version always gets thrown away
the following statement is not true. the previous statement is true.
the future is a myth created by insurance salesmen and high school counselors
the future is a race between education and catastrophe - h. g. wells
the future isn't what it used to be. (it never was.)
the geeks shall inherit the earth - karl lehenbauer
the generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance
the gentlemen looked one another over with microscopic carelessness
the giraffe you thought you offended last week is willing to be nuzzled today
the girl who stoops to conquer usually wears a low-cut dress
the golden rule of arts and sciences: he who has the gold makes the rules
the gordian maxim: if a string has one end, it has another
the grass is always greener on the other side of your sunglasses
the graveyards are full of indispensable men - charles de gaulle
the greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves - sophocles
the greatest of faults is to be conscious of none
the greatest warriors are the ones who fight for peace - holly near
the heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of - blaise pascal
... the heat come 'round and busted me for smiling on a cloudy day
the help people need most urgently is help in admitting that they need help
the idea is to die young as late as possible - ashley montague
the idle mind knows not what it is it wants - quintus ennius
the important thing is not to stop questioning
the important thing to remember about walking on eggs is not to hop
the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the site
the kennedy constant: don't get mad - get even
the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag - kin hubbard
the life which is unexamined is not worth living - plato
the light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching train
the light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming dragon
the light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon
the luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others
the main problem i have with cats is, they're not dogs - kevin cowherd
the major sin is the sin of being born - samuel beckett
the man who runs may fight again - menander
the martian canals were clearly the martian's last ditch effort!
the mature bohemian is one whose woman works full time
the meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us, the universe
the meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us will go to the stars
the meek will inherit the earth - if that's ok with you
the minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't
the mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me - nicol williamson
the moon is a planet just like the earth, only it is even deader
the moon is made of green cheese - john heywood
the moon may be smaller than earth, but it's further away
the more control, the more that requires control
the more i know men the more i like my horse
the more things change, the more they'll never be the same again
the more things change, the more they stay insane
the more you complain, the longer god lets you live
the more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war
the mosquito exists to keep the mighty humble
the mosquito is the state bird of new jersey - andy warhol
the moss on the tree does not fear the talons of the hawk
the most dangerous food is wedding cake - american proverb
the most difficult years of marriage are those following the wedding
the most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise
the most important things, each person must do for himself
the moving cursor writes, and having written, blinks on
then there was the formosan bartender named taiwan-on
the odds are a million to one against your being one in a million
the official colorado state vegetable is now the state legislator
the older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy
the one good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to cringe
the only certainty is that nothing is certain - pliny the elder
the only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions
the only ism hollywood believes in is plagiarism - dorothy parker
the only person who always got his work done by friday was robinson crusoe
the only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane - phaedrus
the only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it
the only really decent thing to do behind a person's back is pat it
the only reward of virtue is virtue - ralph waldo emerson
the only rose without thorns is friendship
the only thing cheaper than hardware is talk
the only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement
the only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it - oscar wilde
the only winner in the war of 1812 was tchaikovsky - david gerrold
theory is gray, but the golden tree of life is green - goethe
the other day i... uh, no, that wasn't me - steven wright
the perfect lover is one who turns into a pizza at 4:00 a.m. - charles pierce
the person who marries for money usually earns every penny of it
the phone booth rule: a lone dime always gets the number nearly right
the porcupine with the sharpest quills gets stuck on a tree more often
the price of success in philosophy is triviality - c. glymour.
the problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard
the program isn't debugged until the last user is dead
the proof of the pudding is in the eating - miguel de cervantes
the public is an old woman. let her maunder and mumble. - thomas carlyle
the public is merely a multiplied me - mark twain
the questions remain the same. the answers are eternally variable.
the real problem with hunting elephants is carrying the decoys
the real trouble with reality is that there's no background music
there are many intelligent species in the universe, and they all own cats
there are more old drunkards than old doctors
there are more things in heaven and earth than any place else
there are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream
there are never any bugs you haven't found yet
there are no accidents whatsoever in the universe - baba ram dass
there are no answers, only cross-references - weiner
there are no emotional victims, only volunteers
there are no winners in life, only survivors
there are only two kinds of men - the dead and the deadly - helen rowland
there are only two kinds of tequila. good and better.
there are running jobs. why don't you go chase them?
there are two kinds of egotists: 1) those who admit it 2) the rest of us
the reason computer chips are so small is computers don't eat much
there comes a time to stop being angry - a small circle of friends
there is always someone worse off than yourself
there is always something new out of africa - gaius plinius secundus
there is a natural hootchy-kootchy to a goldfish - walt disney
there is more to life than increasing its speed - mahatma gandhi
there is much obi-wan did not tell you - darth vader
there is no fool to the old fool - john heywood
there is no grief which time does not lessen and soften
there is no proverb that is not true - cervantes
there is no royal road to geometry - euclid
there is no sadder sight than a young pessimist
there is no sin but ignorance - christopher marlowe
there is no sincerer love than the love of food - george bernard shaw
there is no statute of limitations on stupidity
there is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands
there is nothing more silly than a silly laugh - gaius valerius catullus
there is nothing new except what has been forgotten - marie antoinette
there is nothing wrong with abstinence, in moderation
there may be no excuse for laziness, but i'm sure looking
there never was a good war or a bad peace - b. franklin
there's a fine line between courage and foolishness. too bad it's not a fence.
there's a lot to be said for not saying a lot
there's always free cheese in a mousetrap
there's an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to
there's a whole world in a mud puddle! - doug clifford
there seems no plan because it is all plan - c. s. lewis
there's no heavier burden than a great potential
there's no such thing as a free lunch - milton friendman
there's no such thing as an original sin - elvis costello
there's no use in having a dog and doing your own barking
there's one fool at least in every married couple
the reverse side also has a reverse side - japanese proverb
the ripest fruit falls first - william shakespeare, richard ii
the road to hades is easy to travel - bion
the road to hell is paved with nand gates - j. gooding
the rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us
the san diego freeway. official parking lot of the 1984 olympics!
the scene is dull. tell him to put more life into his dying. - samuel goldwyn
the scum also rises - dr. hunter s. thompson
the secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody
the secret of healthy hitchhiking is to eat junk food
the sheep that fly over your head are soon to land
the shortest distance between any two puns is a straight line
the sixties were good to you, weren't they? - george carlin
the sky is blue so we know where to stop mowing - judge harold t. stone
the solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem - peer
the soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears
the speed of anything depends on the flow of everything
the state law of pennsylvania prohibits singing in the bathtub
the street finds its own uses for technology - william gibson
the streets were dark with something more than night - raymond chandler
the strong give up and move away, while the weak give up and stay
the sun never sets on those who ride into it - rko
the superfluous is very necessary - voltaire
the surest sign that a man is in love is when he divorces his wife
the system will be down for 10 days for preventive maintenance
the things that interest people most are usually none of their business
the three best things about going to school are june, july, and august
the time for action is past! now is the time for senseless bickering
the tree in which the sap is stagnant remains fruitless - hosea ballou
the tree of learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad
the trouble with superheros is what to do between phone booths - ken kesey
the truth about a woman often lasts longer than the woman is true
the truth is rarely pure, and never simple - oscar wilde
the truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie - lenny bruce
the truth of a thing is the feel of it, not the think of it - stanley kubrick
the universe is all a spin-off of the big bang
the universe is made of stories, not of atoms - muriel rukeyser
the universe is populated by stable things - richard dawkins
the universe seems neither benign nor hostile, merely indifferent - sagan
the way some people find fault, you'd think there was some kind of reward
the way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle
the way to a man's stomach is through his esophagus
the way to fight a woman is with your hat. grab it and run.
the way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost
the whole world is about three drinks behind - humphrey bogart
the wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf
the world is coming to an end. please log off.
the world is coming to an end! repent and return those library books!
the world needs more people like us and fewer like them
the world wants to be deceived - sebastian brant
the worst cliques are those which consist of one man - g. b. shaw
the worst is not so long as we can say this is the worst - king lear
they also serve who only stand and wait - john milton
they can't stop us... we're on a mission from god! - the blues brothers
they make a desert and call it peace - tacitus
they're giving bank robbing a bad name - john dillinger, on bonnie and clyde
they're only trying to make me look paranoid!
they told me i was gullible ... and i believed them!
they took some of the van goghs, most of the jewels, and all of the chivas!
things are more like they used to be than they are now
things are not always what they seem - phaedrus
things are not as simple as they seems at first - edward thorp
things equal to nothing else are equal to each other
things fall apart; the center cannot hold
things will get better despite our efforts to improve them - will rogers
this isn't brain surgery; it's just television - david letterman
this is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday. and now you know why.
this must be morning. i never could get the hang of mornings.
this sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.
those who don't know, talk. those who don't talk, know.
those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose
though this be madness, yet there is method in it
three hours a day will produce as much as a man ought to write - trollope
three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead - benjamin franklin
time as he grows old teaches all things - aeschylus
time flies like an arrow. fruit flies like a banana.
time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so - the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy
time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space
time is but the stream i go a-fishing in - henry david thoreau
time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing
time will end all my troubles, but i don't always approve of time's methods
timing must be perfect now. two-timing must be better than perfect.
tis man's perdition to be safe, when for the truth he ought to die
to avoid suffocation, keep away from children
to be awake is to be alive - henry david thoreau, in walden
to be great is to be misunderstood - ralph waldo emerson
to be loved is very demoralizing - katharine hepburn
to be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved
to be who one is, is not to be someone else
today: a nice place to visit, but you can't stay here for long
today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official
today is the first day of the rest of your lossage
to err is human, but i can really foul things up
to err is human, but it feels divine - mae west
to err is human, to blame it on a computer is even more so
to err is human. to blame someone else for your mistakes is even more human.
to err is human, to forgive is against company policy
to err is human, to purr feline - robert byrne
to err is human, to repent, divine, to persist, devilish - benjamin franklin
to every ph.d. there is an equal and opposite ph.d. - b. duggan
to find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends - benjamin franklin
to generalize is to be an idiot - william blake
to give happiness is to deserve happiness
to give of yourself, you must first know yourself
to invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk - thomas edison
to iterate is human, to recurse, divine - robert heller
to laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools
to lead people, you must follow behind - lao tsu
too much is just enough - mark twain, on whiskey
too much of a good thing is wonderful - mae west
toothpaste never hurts the taste of good scotch
to our sweethearts and wives. may they never meet. - 19th century toast
to sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub
total strangers need love, too; and i'm stranger than most
to teach is to learn twice - joseph joubert
to travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive
to use violence is to already be defeated - chinese proverb
to vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?
traffic signals in new york are just rough guidelines - david letterman
travel important today; internal revenue men arrive tomorrow
traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy - han solo
travel: something that makes you feel like you're getting somewhere
treat your friend as if he might become an enemy - publilius syrus
trespassers will be shot. survivors will be prosecuted.
trespassers will be shot. survivors will be shot again!
troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing
true happiness will be found only in true love
trust in allah, but tie your camel - arabian proverb
trust me. i know what i'm doing. - sledge hammer
truth is hard to find and harder to obscure
truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense
try to be the best of whatever you are, even if what you are is no good
turn on, tune up, rock out - billy gibbons
tv is chewing gum for the eyes - frank lloyd wright
twenty percent of zero is better than nothing - walt kelly
two cars in every pot and a chicken in every garage
two heads are better than one - john heywood
two is not equal to three, even for large values of two
two peanuts were walking through down the street. one was assaulted.
two wrights don't make a rong, they make an airplane. or bicycles.
two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
ufos are for real: the air force doesn't exist
under every stone lurks a politician - aristophanes
underlying principle of socio-genetics: superiority is recessive
unfair competition: selling cheaper than we do
unlucky? if i bought a pumpkin farm, they'd cancel halloween
unnamed law: if it happens, it must be possible
until eve arrived, this was a man's world - richard armour
using tso is like kicking a dead whale down the beach - s. c. johnson
van roy's law: an unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys
verbosity leads to unclear, inarticulate things
very few profundities can be expressed in less than 84 characters
views expressed may not be those of the sponsor
violence is a sword that has no handle - you have to hold the blade
violence is the last refuge of the incompetent - salvor hardin
virginia law forbids bathtubs in the house; tubs must be kept in the yard
virtual means never knowing where your next byte is coming from
virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company - la rochefoucauld
wagner's music is better than it sounds - mark twain
wait for that wisest of all counselors, time - pericles
wake up and smell the coffee - ann landers
walking on water wasn't built in a day - jack kerouac
walk softly and carry a big stick - theodore roosevelt
war doesn't prove who's right, just who's left
war is delightful to those who have had no experience of it - desiderius erasmus
war is like love, it always finds a way - bertolt brecht, mother courage
war is peace. freedom is slavery. ketchup is a vegetable.
war spares not the brave, but the cowardly - anacreon
waste not fresh tears over old griefs - euripides
wasting time is an important part of living
watch your mouth, kid, or you'll find yourself floating home - han solo
water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody - mark twain
we all dream of being the darling of everybody's darling
we all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny
we are all born equal... just some of us are more equal than others
we are all born mad. some remain so. - samuel beckett
we are all dying - and we're gonna be dead for a long time
we are all worms. but i do believe i am a glowworm. - winston churchill
we are anthill men upon an anthill world - ray bradbury
we are as gods and might as well get good at it - whole earth catalog
we are each only one drop in a great ocean - but some of the drops sparkle!
we are governed not by armies and police but by ideas - mona caird, 1892
we are the people our parents warned us about
we are what we pretend to be - kurt vonnegut, jr.
we came. we saw. we kicked its ass. - bill murray, ghostbusters
we can defeat gravity. the problem is the paperwork involved
we can embody the truth, but we cannot know it - yates
we cannot command nature except by obeying her - sir francis bacon
we can predict everything, except the future
wedding is destiny, and hanging likewise - john heywood
wedding rings are the world's smallest handcuffs
we don't care. we don't have to. we're the phone company.
we don't know one millionth of one percent about anything
we have a equal opportunity calculus class - it's fully integrated
we have art that we do not die of the truth - nietzsche
we have lingered long enough on the shores of the cosmic ocean - carl sagan
we have met the enemy, and he is us - walt kelly
we have nowhere else to go... this is all we have - margaret mead
we have reason to be afraid. this is a terrible place. - john berryman
we have seen the light at the end of the tunnel, and it's out
we lie loudest when we lie to ourselves - eric hoffer
well-adjusted: the ability to play bridge or golf as if they were games
we'll cross that bridge when we come back to it later
well hello there charlie brown, you blockhead - lucy van pelt
well, jim, i'm not much of an actor either
we'll know that rock is dead when you have to get a degree to work in it
we'll pivot at warp 2 and bring all tubes to bear, mr. sulu!
well, the handwriting is on the floor - joe e. lewis
well, you know, no matter where you go, there you are - buckaroo banzai
we must believe in free will. we have no choice. - isaac b. singer
we promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears
we're only in it for the volume - black sabbath
we're overpaying him, but he's worth it - samuel goldwyn
were there fewer fools, knaves would starve - anonymous
were there no women, men might live like gods - thomas dekker
we: the single most important word in the world
we want to create puppets that pull their own strings - ann marion
what a strange game. the only winning move is not to play. - wop, wargames
what causes the mysterious death of everyone?
what does not destroy me, makes me stronger - nietzsche
whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.
what excuses stand in your way? how can you eliminate them? - roger von oech
what garlic is to food, insanity is to art
what god has joined together let no man put asunder
what happens when you cut back the jungle? it recedes.
what is a magician but a practising theorist? - obi-wan kenobi
what is food to one, is to others bitter poison - titus lucretius carus
what is now proved was once only imagined - william blake
what is research but a blind date with knowledge? - will harvey
what i tell you three times is true - lewis carroll
what i want is all of the power and none of the responsibility
what one believes to be true either is true or becomes true - john lilly
what one fool can do, another can - ancient simian proverb
what orators lack in depth they make up in length
what's another word for thesaurus? - steven wright
what scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch? - j. d. farley
what's done to children, they will do to society.
what soon grows old? gratitude. - aristotle
what's the use of a good quotation if you can't change it? - the doctor
what the world *really* needs is a good automatic bicycle sharpener
what we are is god's gift to us. what we become is our gift to god.
what we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence - wittgenstein
what we do not understand we do not possess - goethe
what we see depends on mainly what we look for - john lubbock
what we wish, that we readily believe - demosthenes
what will you do if all your problems aren't solved by the time you die?
what you don't know can hurt you, only you won't know it.
what you don't know won't help you much either - d. bennett
when a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far!
when a cow laughs, does milk come out of its nose?
when a fly lands on the ceiling, does it do a half roll or a half loop?
when all other means of communication fail, try words.
when a man is tired of london, he is tired of life - samuel johnson
when a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.
when childhood dies, its corpses are called adults - brian aldiss
when dexter's on the internet, can hell be far behind?
when eating an elephant take one bite at a time - gen. c. abrams
whenever i feel like exercise, i lie down until the feeling passes.
when i'm good, i'm great; but when i'm bad, i'm better - mae west
when in doubt, do what the president does - guess.
when in doubt, tell the truth - mark twain
when in doubt, use brute force - ken thompson
when it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.
when it comes to humility, i'm the greatest - bullwinkle moose
when it's dark enough you can see the stars - ralph waldo emerson,
when marriage is outlawed, only outlaws will have inlaws.
when nothing can possibly go wrong, it will.
when one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes - dylan thomas
when people say nothing, they don't necessarily mean nothing.
when pleasure remains, does it remain a pleasure?
when she hauled ass, it took three trips.
when taxes are due, americans tend to feel quite bled-white and blue.
when the candles are out all women are fair - plutarch
when the english language gets in my way, i walk over it - billy sunday
when the going gets tough, everyone leaves - lynch
when the going gets tough, the tough get empirical - jon carroll
when the going gets tough, the tough go grab a beer.
when the going gets tough, the tough go shopping.
when the going gets weird, the weird turn pro - hunter s. thompson
when the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.. - hunter s. thompson
when the revolution comes, count your change.
when the sun shineth, make hay - john heywood
when the wind is great, bow before it;when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
when you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.
when you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.
when you dig another out of trouble, you've got a place to bury your own.
when you live in a sick society, just about everything you do is wrong.
when you're down and out, lift up your voice and shout, i'm down and out!
when you're in command, command - admiral nimitz
when you're not looking at it, this fortune is written in fortran.
when you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?
when you were born, a big chance was taken for you.
where are the calculations that go with a calculated risk?
where do i find the time for not reading so many books? - karl kraus
where do you go to get anorexia? - shelley winters
where is john carson now that we need him? - rlg
whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent - wittgenstein
where there is much light there is also much shadow - goethe
where the system is concerned, you're not allowed to ask why?.
wherever you go...there you are - buckaroo banzai
where will it all end? probably somewhere near where it all began.
where you stand depends on where you sit - rufus miles, hew
which is worse: ignorance or apathy? who knows? who cares?
while having never invented a sin, i'm trying to perfect several.
while you live, tell truth and shame the devil!
white dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.
whitehead's law: the obvious answer is always overlooked.
who does not trust enough will not be trusted - lao tsu
whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.
who is w.o. baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?
who loves me will also love my dog - john donne
whom are you? said he, for he had been to night school - george ade
whom computers would destroy, they must first drive mad.
who? me? no, no, no!! but i do sell rugs.
whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.
whom the gods would destroy, they first teach basic.
whom the mad would destroy, first they make gods - bernard levin
who needs friends when you can sit alone in your room and drink?
who will take care of the world after you're gone?
why be difficult when, with a bit of effort, you could be impossible?
why can't you be a non-conformist like everyone else?
why does a ship carry cargo and a truck carry shipments?
why does bread always fall butter side down
why don't you pair 'em up in threes? - yogi berra
why do so many foods come packaged in plastic? it's quite uncanny.
why do they call a fast a fast, when it goes so slow?
why do they call it baby-sitting when all you do is run after them?
why do we have two eyes? to watch 3-d movies with.
why is it called a funny bone when it hurts so much?
why is it taking so long for her to bring out all the good in you?
why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet? - lily tomlin
why isn't there some cheap and easy way to prove how much she means to me?
why not go out on a limb? isn't that where the fruit is?
why was i born with such contemporaries? - oscar wilde
why won't sharks eat lawyers? professional courtesy.
why won't you let me kiss you goodnight? is it something i said? - tom ryan
why would anyone want to be called later?
wiker's law: government expands to absorb revenue and then some.
winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.
winning isn't everything. it's the only thing - vince lombardi
wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know - j. winter smith
wisdom is rarely found on the best-seller list.
wish not to seem, but to be, the best - aeschylus
with a rubber duck, one's never alone - the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy
with clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
within a computer, natural language is unnatural.
... with liberty and justice for all ... who can afford it
with listening comes wisdom, with speaking repentance.
without adventure, civilization is in full decay - alfred north whitehead
without ice cream life and fame are meaningless.
without life, biology itself would be impossible.
woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle
woman's advice has little value, but he who won't take it is a fool - cervantes
woman was god's second mistake - nietzsche
women are not much, but they are the best other sex we have - herold
women aren't as mere as they used to be - pogo
women who want to be equal to men lack imagination.
wonderful day. your hangover just makes it seem terrible.
woodward's law: a theory is better than its explanation.
words can never express what words can never express.
words have a longer life than deeds - pindar
workers of the world, arise! you have nothing to lose but your chairs.
work is the curse of the drinking classes - mike romanoff
worth seeing? yes, but not worth going to see.
would it help if i got out and pushed? - princess leia organa
wouldn't it be wonderful if real life supported control-z?
would that my hand were as swift as my tongue - alfieri
would the last person to leave michigan please turn out the lights?
would ye both eat your cake and have your cake? - john heywood
would you care to drift aimlessly in my direction?
would you care to view the ruins of my good intentions?
would you people stop playing these stupid games?!?!?!!!!
wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been - mark twain
write a wise saying and your name will live forever - anonymous
writing about music is like dancing about architecture - frank zappa
writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
writing is turning one's worst moments into money - j.p. donleavy
writing software is more fun than working.
xerox does it again and again and again and ...
xerox never comes up with anything original.
yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context.
yes, but every time i try to see things your way, i get a headache.
you ain't learning nothing when you're talking.
you are an insult to my intelligence! i demand that you log off immediately.
you are a wish to be here wishing yourself - philip whalen
you are in a maze of little twisting passages, all alike.
you are in a maze of little twisting passages, all different.
you are in a maze of uucp connections, all alike.
you are wrong, you ol' brass-breasted fascist poop! - bloom county
you can always pick up your needle and move to another groove - tim leary
you can always tell luck from ability by its duration.
you can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow - janis joplin
you can drive a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead.
you can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.
you can get there from here, but why on earth would you want to?
you can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
you can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink
you can lead a whore to culture but you can't make her think
you can make it illegal, but you can't make it unpopular.
you can move the world with an idea, but you have to think of it first.
you can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.
you can never trust a woman; she may be true to you.
you can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake - jeannette rankin
you cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd
you cannot have a science without measurement - r. w. hamming
you cannot kill time without injuring eternity
you cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back
you cannot see the wood for the trees - john heywood
you cannot shake hands with a clenched fist - indira gandhi
you cannot use your friends and have them too
you can observe a lot just by watching - yogi berra
you can only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
you can't break eggs without making an omelet.
you can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.
you can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.
you can't erase a dream, you can only wake me up - peter frampton
you can't have everything. where would you put it? - steven wright
you can't have everything... where would you put it? - steven wright
you can't have your cake and let your neighbor eat it too - ayn rand
you can't hold a man down without staying down with him - booker t. washington
you can't judge a book by the way it wears its hair.
you can't kiss a girl unexpectedly - only sooner than she thought you would.
you can't mend a wristwatch while falling from an airplane.
you can't play your friends like marks, kid - henry gondorf, the sting
you don't have to explain something you never said - calvin coolidge
you have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers
you just wait, i'll sin till i blow up! - dylan thomas
you know how to win a victory, hannibal, but not how to use it - maharbal
you know it's monday when you wake up and it's tuesday - garfield
you know, we've won awards for this crap - david letterman
you know you've landed gear-up when it takes full power to taxi
you look as if you've been dragged through a hedge backwards
you may call me by my name, wirth, or by my value, worth - nicklaus wirth
you must be the change you wish to see in the world - mahatma gandhi
you must have an iq of at least half a million - popeye
you never gain something but that you lose something - thoreau
you never get a second chance to make a first impression
you never learn anything by doing it right
your butt is mine - michael jackson, bad
your computer account is overdrawn. please see big brother.
your education begins where what is called your education is over
you're either part of the solution or part of the problem - eldridge cleaver
you're either with us or you're with the terrorists - george w. bush
you're never too old to become younger - mae west
you're not an alcoholic unless you go to the meetings
your good nature will bring unbounded happiness
your good nature will bring you unbounded happiness
your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life
you roll my log, and i will roll yours - lucius annaeus seneca
your picture of the world often changes just before you get it into focus
you should avoid hedging, at least that's what i think
youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it
you think oedipus had a problem - adam was eve's mother
youth is a disease from which we all recover - dorothy fuldheim
youth. it's a wonder that anyone ever outgrows it
you tread upon my patience - william shakespeare, henry iv
you've always made the mistake of being yourself - eugene ionesco
you've got to have a gimmick if your band sucks - gary giddens
you will always find something in the last place you look
you won't skid if you stay in a rut - frank hubbard
zeal: quality seen in new graduates - if you're quick
zero defects: the result of shutting down a production line
